Former Uttar Pradesh CM and Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav has tested positive for coronavirus, the party's official account tweeted on Wednesday. After the arrival of the test report, the SP leader is being taken care of by the doctors, the party said. "At present, he does not have any symptoms of coronavirus," the party added.
Schools will reopen in Uttarakhand for class 10 and 12 on November 1 after a gap of nearly seven months. The decision was taken on district magistrates' feedback after they consulted with district education officers and parents, Cabinet Minister Madan Kaushik said. Kaushik added that decisions regarding the resumption of other classes will be taken in due course of time.
Rajasthan Royals fast bowler Jofra Archer dismissed Delhi Capitals opener Prithvi Shaw off his first delivery of the IPL 2020 match on Wednesday. The 25-year-old celebrated the wicket by doing Bihu dance along with his teammates. Rajasthan Royals' Riyan Parag, who belongs to Assam, had celebrated the team's previous victory with a Bihu dance. 
Delhi Capitals defeated Rajasthan Royals by 13 runs in Dubai on Wednesday to go on top of IPL 2020 points table. The match witnessed DC's South African fast bowler Anrich Nortje break the record for bowling the fastest-ever delivery in the history of IPL at 156.22 kmph. DC opener Shikhar Dhawan and captain Shreyas Iyer scored fifties in the match.
Intel India along with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) set a Guinness World Record for the "Most Users to Take an Online Artificial Intelligence Lesson in 24 Hours" with 13,000 students. The virtual lesson was part of the ongoing "AI For Youth Virtual Symposium". Union Minister Dr Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank took to Twitter to congratulate Intel and CBSE.
DC pacer Anrich Nortje on Wednesday set the record for the fastest delivery in history of IPL. Nortje clocked the speed of 156.22 kmph against RR to achieve the feat and also went on to bowl the second-fastest and third-fastest deliveries in IPL at 155.21 kmph and 154.74 kmph, respectively. Dale Steyn had held the previous record (154.40 kmph).
Delhi Capitals opener Shikhar Dhawan on Wednesday smashed his 39th fifty in IPL. Dhawan, who scored 57 runs off 33 deliveries against Rajasthan Royals, overtook Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina to set the record for scoring most fifties by an Indian in IPL. With 46 fifties, SRH captain David Warner holds the record for most half-centuries in IPL.
A crater formed under the Moosapet metro station in Hyderabad amid heavy rainfall in the city. "Pillars and structures are absolutely safe. Nothing to worry," Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited MD, NVS Reddy said. The area around the crater has been barricaded to avoid accidents as the road is still open for traffic.
Talking about nepotism, Jaaved Jaaferi's son, actor Meezaan said he knows many star kids who couldn't get success in the entertainment industry but did well otherwise. "I've seen...many of my father's friends, or their kids, who became actors, and are doing something else today, business, or started...app," he added. "The fact they didn't last was solely because of...audience," Meezaan said.
Priyanka Chopra, who served as an executive producer on 'Evil Eye', has said she wants to influx Hollywood with brown people as a producer. "We don't see enough of us," she added. "I want to demand leading parts for people who're like me. I want to have girls that look like me, start to be on...poster of...movie," Priyanka further said.
The team of Salman Khan-starrer 'Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai' has completed the shoot of the film amid the coronavirus pandemic. They shared a video on Twitter wherein Salman can be seen coming out of a car and saying, "It's a wrap for Radhe." Directed by Prabhudheva, the film also stars Disha Patani, Randeep Hooda and Jackie Shroff. 
Ajay Devgn's 'Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior' and Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Kedarnath' will re-release after the cinema halls reopen on October 15. Other Bollywood films that are scheduled to re-release include Taapsee Pannu's 'Thappad', Ayushmann Khurrana's 'Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan', Aditya Roy Kapur's 'Malang' and Hrithik Roshan's 'War'. Theatres can operate with 50% sitting capacity.
Kerala's Sabarimala Temple will reopen for pujas for five days from October 16 during the Malayalam month of Thulam. Travancore Devaswom Board said only 250 people will be allowed into the temple per day and online booking will be done on a first come, first served basis. A negative COVID-19 report will be mandatory to enter the shrine, it added.
Pune reported 528 new COVID-19 cases in the last 24 hours, taking the total number of infections to 1,55,595, Mayor Murlidhar Mohol said on Wednesday. The number of active COVID-19 cases in Pune came down to less than 11,000 after 1,413 patients were discharged on Wednesday. As many as 28 fatalities were reported, taking the city's death toll to 3,899. 
An additional 10,000 children per month may die this year from malnutrition due to COVID-19 pandemic, WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said. He added that he expects a 14% rise or 6.7 million more cases of severe child malnutrition, mostly in sub-Saharan Africa and south Asia. He urged governments to work with the private sector to support sustainable food systems.
Disruptions in services caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have led to major setbacks to tuberculosis (TB) programmes, a World Health Organization (WHO) TB report said. TB killed around 14 lakh people in 2019 as compared to 15 lakh in 2018, it added. The WHO's 'End TB Strategy' aims to cut deaths due to the disease by 90% by 2030.
The report by New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS) said that the ability of a teenager to hack into the accounts of celebrities using a "simple" technique shows Twitter's cybersecurity vulnerability. The 17-year-old from Florida obtained log-in credentials by pretending to work in Twitter's I-T department. He has been charged with 30 felonies as an adult.
Nokia has signed a five-year deal with Google Cloud, stating that it will be moving away from the "less efficient" data centers, Nokia's Vice President of Global IT Infrastructure, Ravi Parmasad said. It will break the cycle of investing in hardware every few years, he added. The company expects to reduce costs and increase operational efficiencies through the agreement.
Karnataka BJP on Tuesday announced the names of the candidates for the upcoming Rajarajeshwari Nagar and Sira bypolls. Former MLA Munirathna will contest from RR Nagar in Bengaluru, while Dr Rajesh Gowda will be the candidate for Sira Assembly constituency. The polling will be held on November 3 and the results are expected to be declared on November 10.
"The We Company", parent company of shared office provider WeWork, will restore its official name to "WeWork", Reuters reported. The "We" brand was introduced in 2019 by Co-founder Adam Neumann who faced criticism for trademarking the brand and receiving $5.9 million as payment for the same. This is a step in returning "WeWork" to its roots, CEO Sandeep Mathrani said.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) headquarters will open for tourists on the weekends in the next few months, Tourism Minister Aaditya Thackeray said. The BMC and Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) signed an MoU to allow a guided tour of the building. "I'm sure...many Mumbaikars would also love to see...the way Mumbai is run from in here," Thackeray added.
A woman has filed a police complaint in Noida after a company that offered work from home assignments allegedly cheated her family of ₹32,000. The woman's daughter had failed a deadline and was asked to pay the amount as a penalty or face legal action. "We were scared and paid the penalty," she said. Police said the investigation is underway.
Army Chief General MM Naravane will visit Nepal in November where he'll be conferred with the honorary rank of General of the Nepali Army in an investiture ceremony, the Nepalese Army said. Nepal's President Bidya Devi Bhandari will confer the rank upon General Naravane, it said. The visit was initially scheduled for February 3 but postponed due to the pandemic.

A 24-year-old man allegedly beheaded his 80-year-old grandmother in Mumbai's Bandra on Monday night and sat next to her body before being arrested on Tuesday, according to the police. The accused, Christopher Pereira, was addicted to alcohol and was discharged from a rehab centre on Monday evening. DCP Abhishek Trimukhe said police is trying find the motive behind the murder.
Thane police have booked a doctor for allegedly running her car over and killing a four-month-old puppy in the parking lot of a society in Vartak Nagar. The incident was captured on CCTV camera and was presented as evidence by an animal activist, Shruti Ganesh Iyer. The police is yet to arrest the accused.
A man named Sandro from Germany's Finsterwalde has spent ₹5.8 lakh on 17 body modifications in last 13 years. The 39-year-old had both his ears removed and now keeps them in a jar. He also has had implants put in his forehead, forearm and the back of his hand. "It has strengthened my self-confidence above all," Sandro said about transformation.
Rhea Chakraborty told India Today she got to know about Sushant Singh Rajput's reported bipolar disorder during their Europe trip in 2019. "When we were leaving...Sushant said he feels claustrophobic on flight. He took a medicine 'Modafinil'," she added. "He told me that in 2013, he had a depressive episode and met a psychiatrist, who prescribed him Modafinil," said Rhea.
Rhea Chakraborty has shared a video showing her father being surrounded by media persons inside their building compound. "We've been trying to get out of...house to cooperate with...investigation authorities. There's a threat to [our] lives," she wrote. "We've informed...police, no help provided...In times [of COVID-19], basic law and order restrictions need to be provided," Rhea added.
Team India captain Virat Kohli and his wife, actress Anushka Sharma took to social media on Thursday to announce that they are expecting their first child. "And then, we were three! Arriving Jan 2021," the couple wrote in the caption while sharing a photo that shows Anushka's baby bump. Virat and Anushka got married in December 2017.
Sushant Singh Rajput's ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande tweeted a video of Sushant in which he can be seen in a flight simulator. "Is this #claustrophobia? You always wanted to fly...you did it...we all are proud of you," Ankita wrote. This comes after actress Rhea Chakraborty claimed that Sushant used to feel claustrophobic on flights and would take medicine for it.
Actress Rhea Chakraborty, in her first interview since Sushant Singh Rajput's death, told India Today, "I wasn't living off Sushant's money, we were living like a couple." Adding that Sushant lived life "king size", Rhea added, "Some years ago, he went on an all-boys trip to Thailand. He took a private jet and spent ₹70 lakh on that trip."
Over 150 academicians, including professors from Delhi University and JNU, wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday supporting the conduct of JEE and NEET examinations. They stated, "The dreams...of our youth...cannot be compromised at any cost. However, some are trying to play with the future of our students simply to propel their own political agenda and oppose the government." 
Minister of State (MoS) for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gurjar tweeted on Thursday that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "Everyone who has come in contact with me, please take this seriously and get your corona test done," Gurjar said. India recorded the highest single-day spike in COVID-19 cases with 75,760 cases in the last 24 hours.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that his company has no plans of buying TikTok. During a podcast, Pichai was asked whether Google was buying TikTok. "We are not," he responded. This comes after US President Donald Trump issued an executive order on August 14 to ban TikTok unless its US operations are sold within 90 days by ByteDance.
US electric-truck startup Nikola's Founder and Chairman Trevor Milton said he's giving the first 50 employees 6 million of his own shares worth $233 million after making a promise when he hired them. "I love our employees. They make Nikola great and are the key to our success," he said. The 37-year-old is currently worth $4.6 billion, according to Bloomberg.
Maharashtra government approved the proposal to reduce stamp duty by 3% for September 1 to December 31, 2020 period and 2% for January 1 to March 31, 2021 period. "Many supplementary businesses...depended on the real estate sector. If the real estate sector survives...other sectors can also do better," Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat said. The government currently charges 6% stamp duty.
Anamika Mithilesh, the Mayor of BJP-led South Delhi Municipal Corporation, on Wednesday accused the Delhi government of slashing funds for the civic body and claimed that she has no option but to go to CM Arvind Kejriwal's house with a begging bowl. Presenting data on the funds, Mithilesh added that ₹1,100 crore is due in the current financial year itself.
Two illegal residential towers owned by gangster turned UP MLA Mukthar Ansari were demolished by the Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday in the presence of heavy police force. The Lucknow administration stated, "Expenses of demolition will be recovered from him (Ansari). FIR will be registered. Responsibility of officials under whom this illegal construction took place will be fixed." 
Audi has announced exclusive benefits on the Audi A6. It is powered by a 45 TFSI engine which churns 245 hp and goes from 0 to 100 km/h in 6.8 seconds. It comes with 5 years Comprehensive Service Package, 2+3 years Extended Warranty, 2+3 years of Roadside Assistance, and 5% Rate of Interest for 5 years.
Bhumi Pednekar has revealed that she took up a casting assistant's job at Yash Raj Films after she was "thrown out" of film school. "I failed film school not because I wasn't a good actor but because I wasn't disciplined enough...I had...₹13 lakh loan on my head — it's a huge amount," she said.
Actress Scarlett Johansson, known for playing 'Black Widow' in Avengers, got married to comedian Colin Jost in a secret ceremony, non-profit organisation Meals on Wheels America said. "Their wedding wish is to help make a difference for vulnerable older adults during this difficult time," it added. The pair got engaged in May 2019 after two years of dating.
A video showing a health official in Oregon, US, dressed up as a clown during the state's latest coronavirus announcement has surfaced online. Dr Claire Poche, a senior health adviser for the Oregon Health Authority, said, "Sadly, we are also reporting three deaths today." The costume was actually part of a discussion on celebrating Halloween safely during the pandemic.
India added less than 50,000 fresh COVID-19 infections for five straight days while the active cases dropped below 6 lakh. The country recorded 48,648 new cases in 24 hours, taking the total tally to 80.88 lakh, according to Health Ministry's 8 am update on Friday. Recoveries increased by 57,386 to reach 73,73,375.
A US court has ordered ISRO's commercial arm Antrix Corporation to pay $1.2 billion compensation to Bengaluru-based startup Devas Multimedia for cancelling a 2005 satellite deal. As per the agreement, Antrix agreed to build and operate two satellites and make available the space band spectrum, using which Devas would provide communication services in India. The deal was cancelled in 2011.
The Guwahati Tea Auction Centre on Thursday sold a speciality tea called Manohari Gold Tea at a price of ₹75,000 per kg, the highest price recorded in Assam this year. Manohari Tea Estate said this year 2.5 kg of the rare tea was produced, of which 1.2 kg was sold in the auction. It was purchased by a tea trader.
While hearing a matter related to pollution in Delhi due to stubble burning, the Supreme Court said, "We'd like you to stop using your beautiful cars...It is time to take out your bicycles." The bench headed by Chief Justice of India S A Bobde said that some experts have informed that stubble burning is not the only source of pollution.
Valuing its 18.37% holding in Tata Sons at $24 billion, Mistry family proposed to swap its stake for pro-rata shares in listed Tata companies. According to the scheme, the Mistrys would get an $18 billion stake in TCS alone. They also sought a settlement in cash/listed shares for Tata brand value and unlisted Tata companies based on a third-party valuation.
Kartik Aaryan's upcoming thriller with 'Neerja' director Ram Madhvani will reportedly be a remake of the 2013 Korean film 'The Terror Live'. Reportedly, the film will feature Kartik as a newsman who sets on a mission to save a city after an exclusive interview with a terrorist. The film will reportedly be shot in Mumbai in a start-to-finish schedule. 
Hollywood actresses Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain will star in the upcoming psychological thriller titled 'Mothers' Instinct'. The film will feature them as best friends and neighbours, whose sisterly bond unravels following a tragic accident. "It takes actors of Jessica and Anne's caliber to communicate the intricacy of these two roles," director Olivier Masset-Depasse said. 
During a recent interview with American talk show host Oprah Winfrey, Matthew McConaughey revealed that he came very close to quitting acting while he was trying to transition from romantic roles to dramatic movies. "I dabbled with thinking about other careers...being a high school football coach...a wildlife guide...or a schoolteacher. I was not going back," he said.
Brazil may have a COVID-19 vaccine ready for use by June 2021, Antônio Barra Torres, head of the country's health regulator ANVISA said. He added they haven't yet decided on the minimum efficacy required to approve the vaccine but said the agency in the past has approved vaccines with less than 50% effectiveness. Brazil has the third-highest COVID-19 cases globally.
Telangana's COVID-19 tally has reached 2,37,187 as 1,531 new positive cases have been reported, state Director of Public Health and Family Welfare Dr G Srinivasa Rao tweeted. Of the new cases, areas under Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) accounted for 293, followed by Medchal-Malkajgiri at 120. With 1,048 new recoveries, Telangana's COVID-19 recovered patients have reached 2,17,401.
Commenting on PM Narendra Modi's 'Yuvraj of Jungle Raj' remark, RJD's Tejashwi Yadav said that he doesn't want to react to it and added that PM should have spoken on issues like poverty, farmers, unemployment. Tejashwi added, "It is the world's biggest party (BJP), they are using 30 helicopters...if their PM talks like this, the public knows everything."
 Indian Railways has launched 'Meri Saheli' initiative to provide security to female passengers travelling by trains for their entire journey. Under this, a team of women RPF personnel will brief female passengers at starting stations about precautions undertaken and ask them to dial 182 if problem arises. Team will collect only females' seat numbers and convey them to stoppages en-route.
A 21-year-old man named Satish Kumar has been stabbed to death in Delhi's Tigri Extension allegedly by two men. Police have held one accused named Vivek (19), who during questioning said he and his acquaintance Piyush, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar, hatched a plan to kill Satish as he objected to Piyush coming to the colony for being an outsider.
The members of the Gujjar community protested and blocked the Delhi-Noida Direct flyway (DND) on Thursday following the suicide of a 22-year-old man in Rohini on September 30. "Around 1,500-2,000 people gathered at 11 am...proceeded towards Delhi to go to the police HQ," Delhi Police Additional PRO Anil Mittal said. "Police negotiated with the protesters, who dispersed peacefully," Mittal added.
Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia wrote a letter to the BJP-led three Municipal Corporations of Delhi (MCDs) stating that all the dues due to the civic bodies have been cleared. Sisodia added that a total of ₹6,008 crore loan is outstanding over the three MCDs and they also owe ₹2,596 crore to the Delhi Jal Board.
The four Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs who were booked after protests at Civic Centre said that the BJP instructed Delhi Police to "torture" them as they were "exposing BJP's anti-Dalit mindset and corruption in MCDs". Police manhandled AAP women protestors and sanitation workers, MLAs alleged. AAP MLAs were protesting against SDMC's reported proposal to privatise sanitation work in Delhi.
LJP chief Chirag Paswan said it's "beyond [his] understanding" why Bihar CM Nitish Kumar "isn't satisfied" that he has nothing to do with BJP even after party leaders "prove [that] daily". "I don't think he'll be satisfied even if PM says so...He'd like to hear from President, President of other nations and then...Donald Trump for his satisfaction," he told NDTV.
Chinese Defence Ministry on Thursday said that the US should "keep its words, take effective measures to stop military provocations in the sea and air spaces around China." The ministry spokesperson added that the Chinese side will fight back resolutely to protect its sovereignty and security interest if anyone "dares to stir up a conflict on the sea". 
Belarus' authorities on Thursday shut the country's borders with Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, and Ukraine amid the mass protests demanding the resignation of President Alexander Lukashenko. The closure comes after officials claimed that Belarus' neighbours tried to destabilise the situation in the country. Protests have gripped Belarus since Lukashenko claimed victory in an August election.  
At least 140 migrants drowned after a boat carrying around 200 people sank off the Senegal coast in the deadliest shipwreck recorded this year, UN migration agency said on Thursday. According to the International Organization for Migration (IOM), the boat caught fire and capsized on Saturday, shortly after leaving the town of Mbour. The boat was heading for Canary Islands. 
A man named Sandro from Germany's Finsterwalde has spent ₹5.8 lakh on 17 body modifications in last 13 years. The 39-year-old had both his ears removed and now keeps them in a jar. He also has had implants put in his forehead, forearm and the back of his hand. "It has strengthened my self-confidence above all," Sandro said about transformation.
Team India captain Virat Kohli and his wife, actress Anushka Sharma took to social media on Thursday to announce that they are expecting their first child. "And then, we were three! Arriving Jan 2021," the couple wrote in the caption while sharing a photo that shows Anushka's baby bump. Virat and Anushka got married in December 2017.
Rhea Chakraborty has shared a video showing her father being surrounded by media persons inside their building compound. "We've been trying to get out of...house to cooperate with...investigation authorities. There's a threat to [our] lives," she wrote. "We've informed...police, no help provided...In times [of COVID-19], basic law and order restrictions need to be provided," Rhea added.
Sushant Singh Rajput's ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande tweeted a video of Sushant in which he can be seen in a flight simulator. "Is this #claustrophobia? You always wanted to fly...you did it...we all are proud of you," Ankita wrote. This comes after actress Rhea Chakraborty claimed that Sushant used to feel claustrophobic on flights and would take medicine for it.
Audi has announced exclusive benefits on the Audi A6. It is powered by a 45 TFSI engine which churns 245 hp and goes from 0 to 100 km/h in 6.8 seconds. It comes with 5 years Comprehensive Service Package, 2+3 years Extended Warranty, 2+3 years of Roadside Assistance, and 5% Rate of Interest for 5 years.Actress Scarlett Johansson, known for playing 'Black Widow' in Avengers, got married to comedian Colin Jost in a secret ceremony, non-profit organisation Meals on Wheels America said. "Their wedding wish is to help make a difference for vulnerable older adults during this difficult time," it added. The pair got engaged in May 2019 after two years of dating.Bhumi Pednekar has revealed that she took up a casting assistant's job at Yash Raj Films after she was "thrown out" of film school. "I failed film school not because I wasn't a good actor but because I wasn't disciplined enough...I had...₹13 lakh loan on my head — it's a huge amount," she said.India added less than 50,000 fresh COVID-19 infections for five straight days while the active cases dropped below 6 lakh. The country recorded 48,648 new cases in 24 hours, taking the total tally to 80.88 lakh, according to Health Ministry's 8 am update on Friday. Recoveries increased by 57,386 to reach 73,73,375.A video showing a health official in Oregon, US, dressed up as a clown during the state's latest coronavirus announcement has surfaced online. Dr Claire Poche, a senior health adviser for the Oregon Health Authority, said, "Sadly, we are also reporting three deaths today." The costume was actually part of a discussion on celebrating Halloween safely during the pandemic.A US court has ordered ISRO's commercial arm Antrix Corporation to pay $1.2 billion compensation to Bengaluru-based startup Devas Multimedia for cancelling a 2005 satellite deal. As per the agreement, Antrix agreed to build and operate two satellites and make available the space band spectrum, using which Devas would provide communication services in India. The deal was cancelled in 2011.While hearing a matter related to pollution in Delhi due to stubble burning, the Supreme Court said, "We'd like you to stop using your beautiful cars...It is time to take out your bicycles." The bench headed by Chief Justice of India S A Bobde said that some experts have informed that stubble burning is not the only source of pollution.The Guwahati Tea Auction Centre on Thursday sold a speciality tea called Manohari Gold Tea at a price of ₹75,000 per kg, the highest price recorded in Assam this year. Manohari Tea Estate said this year 2.5 kg of the rare tea was produced, of which 1.2 kg was sold in the auction. It was purchased by a tea trader.Valuing its 18.37% holding in Tata Sons at $24 billion, Mistry family proposed to swap its stake for pro-rata shares in listed Tata companies. According to the scheme, the Mistrys would get an $18 billion stake in TCS alone. They also sought a settlement in cash/listed shares for Tata brand value and unlisted Tata companies based on a third-party valuation.During a recent interview with American talk show host Oprah Winfrey, Matthew McConaughey revealed that he came very close to quitting acting while he was trying to transition from romantic roles to dramatic movies. "I dabbled with thinking about other careers...being a high school football coach...a wildlife guide...or a schoolteacher. I was not going back," he said.Hollywood actresses Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain will star in the upcoming psychological thriller titled 'Mothers' Instinct'. The film will feature them as best friends and neighbours, whose sisterly bond unravels following a tragic accident. "It takes actors of Jessica and Anne's caliber to communicate the intricacy of these two roles," director Olivier Masset-Depasse said. Kartik Aaryan's upcoming thriller with 'Neerja' director Ram Madhvani will reportedly be a remake of the 2013 Korean film 'The Terror Live'. Reportedly, the film will feature Kartik as a newsman who sets on a mission to save a city after an exclusive interview with a terrorist. The film will reportedly be shot in Mumbai in a start-to-finish schedule. Brazil may have a COVID-19 vaccine ready for use by June 2021, Antônio Barra Torres, head of the country's health regulator ANVISA said. He added they haven't yet decided on the minimum efficacy required to approve the vaccine but said the agency in the past has approved vaccines with less than 50% effectiveness. Brazil has the third-highest COVID-19 cases globally.Telangana's COVID-19 tally has reached 2,37,187 as 1,531 new positive cases have been reported, state Director of Public Health and Family Welfare Dr G Srinivasa Rao tweeted. Of the new cases, areas under Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) accounted for 293, followed by Medchal-Malkajgiri at 120. With 1,048 new recoveries, Telangana's COVID-19 recovered patients have reached 2,17,401.Commenting on PM Narendra Modi's 'Yuvraj of Jungle Raj' remark, RJD's Tejashwi Yadav said that he doesn't want to react to it and added that PM should have spoken on issues like poverty, farmers, unemployment. Tejashwi added, "It is the world's biggest party (BJP), they are using 30 helicopters...if their PM talks like this, the public knows everything."The members of the Gujjar community protested and blocked the Delhi-Noida Direct flyway (DND) on Thursday following the suicide of a 22-year-old man in Rohini on September 30. "Around 1,500-2,000 people gathered at 11 am...proceeded towards Delhi to go to the police HQ," Delhi Police Additional PRO Anil Mittal said. "Police negotiated with the protesters, who dispersed peacefully," Mittal added. Indian Railways has launched 'Meri Saheli' initiative to provide security to female passengers travelling by trains for their entire journey. Under this, a team of women RPF personnel will brief female passengers at starting stations about precautions undertaken and ask them to dial 182 if problem arises. Team will collect only females' seat numbers and convey them to stoppages en-route.A 21-year-old man named Satish Kumar has been stabbed to death in Delhi's Tigri Extension allegedly by two men. Police have held one accused named Vivek (19), who during questioning said he and his acquaintance Piyush, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar, hatched a plan to kill Satish as he objected to Piyush coming to the colony for being an outsider.J&K BJP chief Ravinder Raina said that "coward Pakistanis will have to pay a heavy price for their sins" and added that each one of them will be "neutralised". This comes after three BJP workers were shot dead by terrorists in J&K's Kulgam. "They were brave workers of BJP...attained martyrdom for Bharat Mata...their sacrifice won't go in vain," Raina said.The four Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs who were booked after protests at Civic Centre said that the BJP instructed Delhi Police to "torture" them as they were "exposing BJP's anti-Dalit mindset and corruption in MCDs". Police manhandled AAP women protestors and sanitation workers, MLAs alleged. AAP MLAs were protesting against SDMC's reported proposal to privatise sanitation work in Delhi.Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia wrote a letter to the BJP-led three Municipal Corporations of Delhi (MCDs) stating that all the dues due to the civic bodies have been cleared. Sisodia added that a total of ₹6,008 crore loan is outstanding over the three MCDs and they also owe ₹2,596 crore to the Delhi Jal Board.Haryana Home Minister Anil Vij has said a fast track court will hear the Faridabad murder case of Nikita Tomar. "The case can be heard on a daily basis and the accused [can be] punished soon," he tweeted. "Faridabad Police has been instructed to present the challan in the case before the court at the earliest," he further wrote.Belarus' authorities on Thursday shut the country's borders with Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, and Ukraine amid the mass protests demanding the resignation of President Alexander Lukashenko. The closure comes after officials claimed that Belarus' neighbours tried to destabilise the situation in the country. Protests have gripped Belarus since Lukashenko claimed victory in an August election.  At least 140 migrants drowned after a boat carrying around 200 people sank off the Senegal coast in the deadliest shipwreck recorded this year, UN migration agency said on Thursday. According to the International Organization for Migration (IOM), the boat caught fire and capsized on Saturday, shortly after leaving the town of Mbour. The boat was heading for Canary Islands. A man named Sandro from Germany's Finsterwalde has spent ₹5.8 lakh on 17 body modifications in last 13 years. The 39-year-old had both his ears removed and now keeps them in a jar. He also has had implants put in his forehead, forearm and the back of his hand. "It has strengthened my self-confidence above all," Sandro said about transformation.Sushant Singh Rajput's ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande tweeted a video of Sushant in which he can be seen in a flight simulator. "Is this #claustrophobia? You always wanted to fly...you did it...we all are proud of you," Ankita wrote. This comes after actress Rhea Chakraborty claimed that Sushant used to feel claustrophobic on flights and would take medicine for it.Actress Rhea Chakraborty, in her first interview since Sushant Singh Rajput's death, told India Today, "I wasn't living off Sushant's money, we were living like a couple." Adding that Sushant lived life "king size", Rhea added, "Some years ago, he went on an all-boys trip to Thailand. He took a private jet and spent ₹70 lakh on that trip."Rhea Chakraborty told India Today she got to know about Sushant Singh Rajput's reported bipolar disorder during their Europe trip in 2019. "When we were leaving...Sushant said he feels claustrophobic on flight. He took a medicine 'Modafinil'," she added. "He told me that in 2013, he had a depressive episode and met a psychiatrist, who prescribed him Modafinil," said Rhea.Team India captain Virat Kohli and his wife, actress Anushka Sharma took to social media on Thursday to announce that they are expecting their first child. "And then, we were three! Arriving Jan 2021," the couple wrote in the caption while sharing a photo that shows Anushka's baby bump. Virat and Anushka got married in December 2017.Rhea Chakraborty has shared a video showing her father being surrounded by media persons inside their building compound. "We've been trying to get out of...house to cooperate with...investigation authorities. There's a threat to [our] lives," she wrote. "We've informed...police, no help provided...In times [of COVID-19], basic law and order restrictions need to be provided," Rhea added.Over 150 academicians, including professors from Delhi University and JNU, wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday supporting the conduct of JEE and NEET examinations. They stated, "The dreams...of our youth...cannot be compromised at any cost. However, some are trying to play with the future of our students simply to propel their own political agenda and oppose the government." Minister of State (MoS) for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gurjar tweeted on Thursday that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "Everyone who has come in contact with me, please take this seriously and get your corona test done," Gurjar said. India recorded the highest single-day spike in COVID-19 cases with 75,760 cases in the last 24 hours.Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that his company has no plans of buying TikTok. During a podcast, Pichai was asked whether Google was buying TikTok. "We are not," he responded. This comes after US President Donald Trump issued an executive order on August 14 to ban TikTok unless its US operations are sold within 90 days by ByteDance.US electric-truck startup Nikola's Founder and Chairman Trevor Milton said he's giving the first 50 employees 6 million of his own shares worth $233 million after making a promise when he hired them. "I love our employees. They make Nikola great and are the key to our success," he said. The 37-year-old is currently worth $4.6 billion, according to Bloomberg.Maharashtra government approved the proposal to reduce stamp duty by 3% for September 1 to December 31, 2020 period and 2% for January 1 to March 31, 2021 period. "Many supplementary businesses...depended on the real estate sector. If the real estate sector survives...other sectors can also do better," Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat said. The government currently charges 6% stamp duty.Amid demands for further postponement of JEE and NEET examinations by some political leaders, Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal said, "Every day, I get innumerable mails from the silent majority. The parents and students say...they don't want a zero academic year." Pokhriyal added, "It pains to see that education is becoming politicised." All religious places in Rajasthan that were closed for devotees due to COVID-19 pandemic will be re-opened from September 7, said state government on Wednesday. "All precautionary measures to ensure safety against the disease will have to be mandatorily followed," the government order reads. Currently, there are more than 14,000 active COVID-19 cases in Rajasthan.Anamika Mithilesh, the Mayor of BJP-led South Delhi Municipal Corporation, on Wednesday accused the Delhi government of slashing funds for the civic body and claimed that she has no option but to go to CM Arvind Kejriwal's house with a begging bowl. Presenting data on the funds, Mithilesh added that ₹1,100 crore is due in the current financial year itself.Two illegal residential towers owned by gangster turned UP MLA Mukthar Ansari were demolished by the Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday in the presence of heavy police force. The Lucknow administration stated, "Expenses of demolition will be recovered from him (Ansari). FIR will be registered. Responsibility of officials under whom this illegal construction took place will be fixed." Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday said, "Professional examinations like NEET and JEE can be done online and I think the government should agree." "It has happened in the past and it's happening all over, why can't it happen here?" Singh said. The Congress has announced a nationwide protest against conducting NEET and JEE.A garment store in Tamil Nadu's Tiruchirappalli has set up a saree-clad humanoid robot named Zafira at its entrance, amid the coronavirus pandemic. Zafira dispenses sanitiser, checks customers' temperature and ensures that they wear masks. The robot also keeps track of the number of customers entering the store and sends these details to the store owners daily. Maharashtra PWD Minister Eknath Shinde on Wednesday stated that a foundation run by his family would take care of the two four-year-old children who lost their family members in the building collapse in Raigad district. One of the boys, Mohammad Bangi, was pulled out alive from under the rubble 18 hours after the five-storey building collapsed. A consumer forum fined a restaurant in Mumbai ₹2 lakh for charging ₹10 more than the MRP of ₹165 for an ice cream pack from then sub-inspector Bhaskar Jadhav in 2014. The restaurant claimed it incurred costs to store it, while the complainant said he bought it from the counter. It has also been told to pay ₹15,000 to Jadhav.Shares of Transglobe Foods, an Indian fruit-jam maker which made no sales in 2019-20, has surged over 4300% this year amid a market rally in penny stocks. Real-estate services firm Shree Precoated Steels, which also had zero revenues, has jumped over 1,300%. "It's time to book some profits, as retail money is chasing penny stocks like crazy," Equinomics Research said.Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri stated that India crossed the milestone of more than 100,000 domestic passengers in a day on Wednesday. The Union Minister added that there were "more than 1,000 flights and more than 200,000 passenger footfalls at airports" on the day. Notably, flight movements have been restricted for several months due to the coronavirus pandemic.A group of 14 women at GMR Varalakshmi Foundation (GMRVF) Hyderabad centre, in the past four months, have made more than 30,000 masks and 6,000 PPE kits. They have also been able to generate some income for their families during the COVID-19 pandemic. "As an organisation, we are committed to our social responsibilities," an official said.IIT-Hyderabad's Centre for Healthcare Entrepreneurship startup USafe claims to have developed the world's most affordable respirator mask, US9. The US9 has filtration rates considered better than N95 standards. The mask, along with 10 complementary filters, costs about ₹499. The cost of a fresh N95 equivalent mask comes at about ₹13 per day, making it "an affordable innovation", said USafe.Congress announced that it will stage nationwide protests on Friday against the central government's decision to hold NEET and JEE amid COVID-19. "An ever insensitive and mindless central government is holding these exams despite the obvious risk it holds," Congress MP KC Venugopal said. Political leaders across party lines have urged the government to postpone the exams amid the pandemic.Paralympic athletes took to the catwalk in Japan's Tokyo on Tuesday for the Amputee Venus Show which was scheduled to be held in conjunction with the opening of Paralympic Games. "Thanks to the show it sank in that there is only one year left until the Paralympic Games," said Japan's Kaede Maegawa. The Paralympics will open on August 24, 2021.The government will divest up to 15% stake in state-owned defence and aerospace company Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to raise up to ₹5,020 crore. It currently holds 89.97% stake in HAL, after it sold 10% through an initial public offering (IPO) in 2018. A floor price of ₹1,001 per share has been set for the sale.OPPO's latest device F17 Pro will launch in a musical concert that'll be hosted by Rithvik Dhanjani and feature performances by Raftaar and Hardy Sandhu. Featuring 7.48mm ultra-thin design, OPPO said F17 Pro is the sleekest design of 2020 and will come with a 6 AI portrait camera set-up so you can #FlauntItYourWay.India's total coronavirus cases have increased to 33,10,234 after a record one-day spike of 75,760 cases. This is the first time that more than 75,000 cases have been recorded in 24 hours. Meanwhile, death toll in the country has surged to 60,472. Coronavirus recoveries have reached 25,23,771 and active cases stand at 7,25,991.Online learning platform, Springboard is offering its Data Analytics course in India. Built-in partnership with Microsoft, the company wants to transition aspiring analysts by pairing them with a top Data Analyst in India as their personal 1:1 mentor. Springboard said, it has roped 250+ mentors in India from various companies to make transition into Data Analytics for its learners.KK Singh, the father of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, on Thursday said that Rhea Chakraborty was giving poison to Sushant from a long time and she is his murderer. Singh demanded that investigators must arrest Rhea and her associates and ensure that they face punishment. The CBI is currently probing Sushant's death case.Singer Katy Perry and her fiancé, actor Orlando Bloom have been blessed with their first child, a baby girl. Orlando shared a post by UNICEF that read, "Welcome to the world, Daisy Dove Bloom! We're honoured to introduce Goodwill Ambassadors Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom's new bundle of joy." "We're floating with love and wonder," Katy and Orlando told UNICEF.Citing media reports, Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Shweta Singh Kirti said, "On [June 8] when Rhea [Chakraborty] walked out of my brother's house, she sent...IT team to collect data from my brother's devices." "They collected eight hard disks...and when my brother stopped them, he got...threat call, as per statements recorded by CBI. The same night Disha [Salian] died," she added.According to WhatsApp chats accessed by Times Now, a WhatsApp message sent by Sushant Singh Rajput's house manager Samuel Miranda to Rhea Chakraborty earlier this year reads, "Can you give Dipesh ₹17,000 for 2 bags of weed?" A message sent by another person reads, "Getting green for 5k 1 bag" to which Rhea replied, "We...have hash...Don't get for now."China's ByteDance-owned video sharing platform TikTok's CEO Kevin Mayer has resigned from the company after just three months. Mayer left his post as the streaming head of Disney to join TikTok on June 1. His resignation comes after India banned the app and US President Donald Trump on August 14 ordered ByteDance to sell TikTok's US operations within 90 days.Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has become the world's first-ever person to amass a $200-billion fortune. The 56-year-old is worth $205 billion, nearly $89 billion more than the world's second-richest person, Bill Gates, who's currently worth $116.2 billion, according to Forbes. Bezos' net worth was around $115 billion on January 1.BJP on Wednesday named party spokesperson Syed Zafar Islam as its candidate for the Rajya Sabha bypoll to a seat from Uttar Pradesh. The election has been necessitated after the demise of sitting member Amar Singh. The EC said in a press note that the election will be held between 9 am and 4 pm on September 11.Accusing party leaders and the civil and police administration of sheltering the spurious liquor smugglers behind the recent hooch tragedy, Tarn Taran district Congress president Manjit Singh Ghasitpur resigned from the party. Stating that he had tried to meet Punjab CM Amarinder Singh but could not get an appointment, Ghasitpur added, "Our party MLAs...are indulging in illegal liquor trade." China's Alibaba Group has put on hold plans to invest in Indian companies amid tension between the two nations, Reuters reported. Alibaba won't put fresh funds to expand its investments in India for at least six months, it added. Alibaba Group and its affiliates have invested over $2 billion in Indian companies since 2015 and participated in several funding rounds.Railways Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday said that by December 2023, India will have 100% electrified rail network, and by 2030, Indian Railways' carbon emission will be zero. Carbon emission from Railways was 6.84 million tonnes in 2014, according to NITI Aayog data. We will be the world's first railway of this scale to be 100% electric, he added.Stating that the Centre must strengthen the military, Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh said, "Mark my words, any war with China will be a collusive one, with Pakistan as well." Discussing Chinese incursions in Ladakh, he added, "We are in a much, much better position...The Chinese are going to be very foolish if they think they can come on us."The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted heavy rainfall activity over several parts of north India in the next four days. Moreover, an orange alert has been issued for Uttarakhand for August 27 and 28, east Uttar Pradesh for August 28 and east Rajasthan for August 29 and August 30. IMD has also issued a yellow alert for eight states/UTs.Higher Education Secretary Amit Khare has said further postponement of NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) exams till after Diwali "means students risk losing the entire academic year." He added, "After Diwali, Chhatt festival will be celebrated...If we take a week after that to organise the exams, then we can only hold them in...December and results would be announced in 2021." A Delhi court on Wednesday sent JNU PhD scholar Sharjeel Imam, arrested under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), to police custody for four days in connection with February Delhi riots. This comes after he was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday. Sharjeel was brought back to Delhi from Assam on Sunday on a production warrant.A woman constable, deployed at Sidgora COVID-19 centre in Jharkhand's Jamshedpur, was allegedly raped by one of her colleagues during duty hours. According to the reports, the accused took her to the upper floor of the centre saying she may be vulnerable to coronavirus on the lower floor and raped her. The accused was arrested and sent to judicial custody.Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik approved an assistance package of ₹200 crore to help poor families affected due to COVID-19. "Members of the Women Self Help Groups can revive their family enterprises through this package," the government stated. Loans up to ₹1 lakh for skilled and semi-skilled migrants, who have returned to the state, will be given under this package.The 29-year-old Australian terrorist who killed 51 Muslim worshippers at two mosques in New Zealand's Christchurch last year has been sentenced to life in prison without parole. This is the first time such a sentence has been handed down in the country. He admitted to 51 charges of murder, 40 attempted murders and one charge of committing a terrorist act.A 29-year-old Dutch author, Marieke Lucas Rijneveld, has become the youngest to win the International Booker, taking the award for their debut novel 'The Discomfort of Evening'. The £50,000 (₹49 lakh) prize will be split equally between Rijneveld and translator Michele Hutchison. The book was chosen from a shortlist of six books by a five-judge panel, chaired by Ted Hodgkinson.Russia has released a declassified video of the world's largest-ever nuclear explosion carried out on October 30, 1961 in the Russian Arctic Sea. The hydrogen bomb, known as Tsar Bomba (King of Bombs), had a yield of 50,000 kilotons. It was 3,333 times more powerful than the atomic bomb dropped on Japan's Hiroshima in 1945, reports said.Delhi-based mobile gaming startup Gamezop has raised ₹32 crore ($4.3 million) in Series A funding led by e-sports investor BITKRAFT Ventures, with participation from Velo Partners and FJ Labs. The platform develops HTML5 games that can be embedded on mobile websites and run without downloading any apps. Gamezop was started by brothers Yashash Agarwal and Gaurav Agarwal in 2015.Online rummy gaming platform RummyBaazi has raised ₹14.9 crore ($2 million) in seed funding at a pre-money evaluation of roughly ₹104 crore ($14 million) from Udtara Ventures. RummyBaazi parent Baazi Games has also put in ₹7.4 crore ($1 million) to boost the platform's development and reach. Launched in 2019, RummyBaazi claims to have over 5,00,000 players on its platform.A 45-year-old stockbroker in Mumbai's Kandivali allegedly strangled his wife and then hanged himself, as he was upset over lack of work amid COVID-19 pandemic, police said. In a note, he apologised to his 17-year-old son for not leaving behind anything for him. The son found his mother lying on the bed and his father hanging, police added.The US has blacklisted 24 Chinese state-owned firms and imposed visa restrictions on individuals responsible for building artificial islands in the South China Sea (SCS) or restricting other countries from accessing their offshore resources there. The US said that China's actions since 2013 have "trampled" upon other countries' rights, caused environmental devastation and destabilised the SCS.A parliamentary panel, chaired by YSR Congress leader Vijayasai Reddy V, recommended regulated foreign direct investment (FDI) in the tobacco sector. The panel remarked that the move would stimulate the production and processing of Indian tobacco thereby boosting its export and helping farmers. Currently, FDI is prohibited in manufacturing of cigars, cigarettes and tobacco substitutes.Actress Kangana Ranaut has claimed that cocaine is the most popular drug in the film industry and it's used in almost all house parties. "In the beginning when you go to houses of high and mighty it's given for free," she said. Her claims came after Narcotics Control Bureau registered a case in late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's death probe.After Attorney General of India KK Venugopal declined consent for initiating contempt proceedings against actress Swara Bhasker for her alleged "derogatory" statements against the Supreme Court over Ayodhya case verdict, Solicitor General Tushar Mehta also refused to entertain the request. SG Mehta said the request to him was "misconceived" after it was already declined by the Attorney General.West Bengal government on Wednesday allowed certain relaxations on flight movement from six COVID-19 hotspot cities namely Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Pune, Nagpur and Ahmedabad to Kolkata. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said that flight services from these six cities can resume thrice a week from September 1. There would be complete lockdown in West Bengal on September 7, 11 and 12.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Juny Anand has revealed former India captain MS Dhoni used to play with a bat which was as heavy as the one Sachin Tendulkar used. He added, "Hardik Pandya...uses a slightly heavier bat [which is around] 1,220 grams, which is still not anywhere close to the weight Sachin or Dhoni were using," he added.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Anand has said it was a difficult task to cater to ex-India captain Rahul Dravid's bats. Paras added, "He's a perfectionist...If you are off by say five grams or off by maybe half a millimetre, he'd just find out." "That is expected because you know the kind of a professional he is," Paras said.West Indies and Trinbago Knight Riders all-rounder Dwayne Bravo has become the first-ever bowler to take 500 wickets in T20 cricket history, achieving the feat after dismissing St Lucia Zouks' Rahkeem Cornwall in a CPL match today. Bravo reached the milestone in his 458th T20 match. Sri Lankan pacer Lasith Malinga, with 390 wickets, is the second-highest T20 wicket-taker.Billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio would be coming up with a cable landing station in West Bengal that would increase the state's connectivity with European and Asian countries, CM Mamata Banerjee said on Wednesday. "They would invest more than ₹1,000 crore," the CM further said. Jio had bid to build the station and the state government has allotted them land.The CRPF on Wednesday arrested a man near Delhi's Parliament House after he was found roaming in a suspicious manner, police said. The man, who claims to be a resident of J&K's Budgam, had a piece of paper which had characters that appear to be some codes. Two IDs with different names were found from his backpack, the police added.Supreme Court has set aside the special leave petition filed by Andhra Pradesh government, refusing to grant stay on the High Court's status quo order on its two laws to form three capital cities. The court said it cannot interfere in the matter as it is already pending in the High Court and is coming up for hearing on Thursday.Passengers taking international flights from India need not apply to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and can directly book their tickets with the airlines, said an official statement on Wednesday. The government said that it has designated all the airlines operating under Vande Bharat Mission and air transport bubble arrangements as designated agencies for people to apply with necessary details.US First Lady Melania Trump referred to her stepdaughter Ivanka and her allies as "snakes", The Guardian reported quoting a new book by Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, a former friend of Melania. Ivanka sought to undermine Melania, including interference in the First Lady's attempts to appoint a new chief of staff, claimed the book which will be published on September 1.Talking about Sushant Singh Rajput, Nawazuddin Siddiqui said, "I met him on several occasions...and we really liked one another." "I could feel his positive vibes every time we met," he said, adding that the late actor liked to engage people in conversations. Nawazuddin further said Sushant was full of life and ideas, adding, "How could [he] be done with life?" 
Actress Shivaleeka Oberoi, while sharing her experience of working in 'Khuda Haafiz', said, "It was an amazing experience working with everybody on set." "Nobody from our film has ever had a godfather. Everybody has...same passion and all of us came together to make this film," she added. Directed by Faruk Kabir, 'Khuda Haafiz' also starred Vidyut Jammwal and Annu Kapoor.Talking about discrimination against TV actors in Bollywood, actress Devoleena Bhattacharjee said, "During auditions or look test, we get to hear things like 'We don't want TV acting for this role'." "They remind you that you're coming from TV, and film world is something superior," she added. "It's high time Bollywood stops looking down upon TV actors," Devoleena further said.Shekhar Suman's son, actor Adhyayan Summan, has revealed that there was a time when he "sort of slipped into a mild depression". "Slipping into depression wasn't just due to...career, it was due to...personal life as well," he added. "A lot of negativity I got, not because of...professional but my personal relationship. It was very difficult...to fight that," Adhyayan said. Richa Chadha has said it is unlikely that she and Ali Fazal will get married this year because "the [coronavirus] pandemic is far from over". "We'd not like to endanger anyone due to our celebration. It's only wise to wait for...vaccine," she added. "In...second week of March itself, we had decided...we won't get married in these conditions," Richa further said.Pune on Wednesday reported 1,617 new COVID-19 cases, taking its total to 87,317, the city's Mayor Murlidhar Mohol said. The death toll due to COVID-19 rose to 2,108 after 31 more fatalities were recorded in the city. Over 70,000 patients have recovered so far while 14,940 cases are active. Pune has conducted a total of over 4.2 lakh COVID-19 tests.BJP MP Nishikant Dubey has written to Congress MP and Chairman of Information Technology parliamentary panel, Shashi Tharoor, asking him to cancel the panel's September 1 meeting on 4G services in J&K. Dubey said the meeting's "agenda is in contravention of the rules of the House". The issue of 4G service resumption is pending before the Supreme Court, he added.The All India Online Vendors Association has filed an antitrust case against Amazon in India, alleging that the company engages in anti-competitive practices, a report said. The group also alleged that Amazon's wholesale arm buys goods in bulk from manufacturers and sells them at a loss to entities like Cloudtail, who then offer the goods on Amazon.in at big discounts.Sri Lanka's newly appointed Foreign Secretary Admiral Jayanath Colombage has said the country "will always have an India-first approach" as far as strategic security is concerned. "As far as economic development is concerned, we cannot depend on one country," Colombage added. Talking about the Chinese investment in the Hambantota port, he said, Sri Lanka had first offered Hambantota to India.Telangana government on Wednesday said that it will hand over 85,000 'Dignity Houses' to the beneficiaries in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation area by December 2020. Minister for Municipal Administration and Urban Development KT Rama Rao claimed that no metro city in India has constructed such a large number of these houses under any program. As many as 2,050 vehicle owners were issued challans across Gautam Buddha Nagar district on Wednesday for violating the curbs imposed due to COVID-19 pandemic, the police said. Over 20 vehicles were impounded during the same period, they added. A total of ₹1,83,800 was collected in fines during the action, the police further said.A 40-year-old man has been arrested for creating a fake Facebook page in the name of "Bengaluru City Police", the police said on Wednesday. The man is a resident of Malleswaram in Bengaluru and had created the page recently, according to the police. Earlier this month, an alleged derogatory post on Facebook sparked violence in Bengaluru leading to three deaths.Mumbai has received 1,044.8 mm rain between August 1 and 25, the highest August rainfall recorded in the city since 2010, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Mumbai received 2942.4 mm rainfall from June 1 to August 25, it added. The highest rainfall for August in Mumbai was recorded in 1958 at 1,254 mm, the data showed. The World Economic Forum (WEF) on Wednesday said that the 2021 summit at Davos, Switzerland will be postponed from January to "early next summer" due to the coronavirus pandemic. "The advice from experts is that we cannot (host the event) safely in January," it added. The WEF further said that it will instead host virtual 'high-level' discussions in January.Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden "has been a total pushover for Communist China and someone who would be a giant relief for terrorists", US President Donald Trump's son Eric Trump said. Speaking at the Republican National Convention, Eric added that Biden, who has been in the government for 47 years, doesn't know the "slightest thing about the American worker".NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said that the five-year-old Unified Payments Interface (UPI) will overtake decades-old Visa and MasterCard as a preferred mode of payment over next three years. UPI with 1,800 crore transactions annually has surpassed Amex at 800 crore, Kant tweeted. The volume of UPI transactions rose to 1,252 crore in 2019-20 from 91.52 crore in 2017-18.Ahead of the Assembly session that is scheduled to begin on August 28, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday said that 23 Punjab MLAs have so far tested positive for COVID-19. "Everyone including the Chief Minister downwards, every MLA must have his COVID-19 test done," the chief minister added.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12. Current lockdown measures will remain in place in the state till September 20, she added. "We want Metro Rail services to be resumed by maintaining social distancing norms," she further said.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that educational institutes will remain closed in the state till September 20. Further, the bi-weekly lockdown in the state will continue till September 17. Meanwhile, complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12, CM Mamata further announced.The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has registered a case in Sushant Singh Rajput's death after Rhea Chakraborty's WhatsApp chat with an alleged drug dealer surfaced online. In the chat, Rhea had reportedly said, "[Tried] MDMA once...You have MD?" Earlier today, NCB Director General Rakesh Asthana said that ED had found that drugs were supplied to Rhea and Sushant.Supermodel Gigi Hadid took to Instagram on Wednesday to share the first pictures of her baby bump and wrote in the caption of one of the photos, "[Growing] an angel." "Cherishing this time. Appreciate all the love and well wishes," she wrote in another post. The 25-year-old is expecting her first child with singer Zayn Malik.The UK's University of Cambridge confirmed plans to begin trials of a potential vaccine that can not only work against COVID-19 but all coronaviruses that may 'spill-over' from animals to humans. The 'DIOS-CoVax2' vaccine uses banks of genetic sequences of all known coronaviruses, including those from bats. The vaccine can be freeze-dried as powder and doesn't need to be cold-stored.
Distributing COVID-19 vaccine around the world fairly without letting the rich countries corner the limited doses is going to be a big challenge, WHO Chief Scientist Soumya Swaminathan said on Wednesday. "By early 2021, we should have some good news," she added. India is in a good position because many companies are working on vaccine development, she further said.Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said that NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) aspirants are worried about their health and future. He said, "They have genuine concerns of fear of COVID-19 infection, transport and lodging during pandemic, and flood-mayhem in Assam and Bihar." He added, "Government of India must listen to all stakeholders and find an acceptable solution."Indian women's hockey team captain Rani Rampal has revealed she couldn't stop herself from crying when she first got to know that she has been conferred with Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award. She added, ''I called my father first to give him the good news…Since I was crying on the call, he was worried if everything was OK with me."Former Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has been trolled for calling England pacer James Anderson a "medium fast bowler" while congratulating him on taking 600 Test wickets. "Are you praising him or taunting him?" a fan tweeted. Another fan wrote, "Why include the word 'medium'? Backhanded compliment." Another tweet read, "A bit of grace won't hurt."Mumbai-born leg-spinner Pravin Tambe has become the first-ever Indian cricketer to play in the Caribbean Premier League (CPL). The 48-year-old has been named in the playing XI of Trinbago Knight Riders in their match against St Lucia Zouks. Earlier, Tambe was disqualified from the 2020 edition as he had featured in T10 League in Sharjah in 2018.Team India batsman KL Rahul trolled himself while congratulating England pacer James Anderson on taking 600 wickets in Test cricket. "1 of the 600...Congratulations on the amazing feat," he wrote in the now-deleted tweet. He then posted a new tweet, sharing Anderson's pic with the caption GOAT. Anderson became the first fast bowler to take 600 Test wickets.England on Tuesday won their first Test series against Pakistan in 10 years after clinching the three-match home series 1-0. With this, England are placed third on the World Test Championship table with 292 points after 15 matches. Meanwhile, Pakistan are fifth with 166 points. India, who have won seven out of nine matches, top the table with 360 points.Pakistan batsman Asif Ali faces disciplinary action after he swatted his bat within centimetres of bowler Keemo Paul's face during a Caribbean Premier League match. Asif almost hit Keemo after the latter appeared to give him a verbal send-off. Asif was dismissed for three runs as his team Jamaica Tallawahs went on to win the match by five wickets.Bengaluru-based edtech startup BYJU'S has raised a fourth funding tranche in its ongoing Series F round from Russian billionaire Yuri Milner's investment fund DST Global, Entrackr reported. BYJU'S was reportedly in talks with the Hong Kong-headquartered VC firm to raise around $400 million. Post allotment, DST will command a 1.2% stake in the edtech startup.
The Orissa High Court allowed a 24-year-old woman to live with her same-sex partner after the latter's family members reportedly tried to get her married to a boy. The court also directed police to provide security to the partner of the woman so that she could start living with her.  The couple has been in a consensual relationship since 2017.Jatin Rajguru, former secretary of actors like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Bipasha Basu and Suniel Shetty, passed away on Wednesday due to cancer. Bipasha took to Instagram to condole his death and wrote, "He was such a source of strength to me always...Jatin ji you will always be remembered fondly. Thank you." Meanwhile, Suniel Shetty tweeted, "RIP Jatin Garu...will miss you!" Spanish actor Antonio Banderas on Tuesday took to social media to reveal that he has recovered from coronavirus. "After 21 days of disciplinary confinement, I can say now that today I overcame the COVID-19 infection. I'm cured," he wrote. Earlier this month, Antonio had revealed that he's forced to celebrate his 60th birthday in quarantine as he's suffering from coronavirus.Akshay Oberoi, who starred in films like 'Pizza' and 'Gurgaon', has said, "People often say 'you haven't gotten your due', or 'you're not as big...as you should be'." "I feel there's...long way to go, so why get caught up in this now," he said, adding, "Many great actors only made it at...certain stage...I'll be ready for it when it comes."Actress Madhoo Shah, who starred in 1992 film 'Roja', has revealed that she was dropped from her debut film after shooting for four days. The actress further said she wasn't informed about the same, adding, "I came to know through...trade newspaper that I've been replaced." "The director and producer...didn't even tell me any reason...that was the biggest sorrow," Madhoo said.Rahul Mittra, Sanjay Dutt's friend and producer of his upcoming film 'Torbaaz', has denied the rumours that the 61-year-old actor, who has been diagnosed with lung cancer, is terminally ill. "This is utter rubbish," he said. "Sanju is undergoing preliminary treatment in Mumbai and results of certain tests have yet to come...Please stop speculating," Rahul added.The Forest Department has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to get clearance to construct at Hauz Rani city forest under its Phase IV extension. "The area comes under Forest Conservation Act, 1980," Deputy Conservator of Forests (South) Amit Anand said. Discussions are underway with DMRC for realignment of project to prevent construction activity at the forest, he added.It's premature to talk about "post-Abe" era as Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe still has over a year left in his term, Chief Cabinet Secretary and spokesman Yoshihide Suga said. Notably, the comment comes amid reports raising concerns over Abe's health after his two visits to the hospital recently. Reportedly, one of the visits lasted for over 7 hours. A US spy plane on Wednesday flew near ongoing Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) drills in the South China Sea, a day after another plane entered an "exercise restricted zone," a Chinese think tank said. PLA is conducting drills in the waters off Hainan island, an official notice said. China had lodged "solemn representations" with the US over Tuesday's incident.The Reserve Bank of India in its annual report noted that "government consumption is expected to continue pandemic-proofing of demand" and that "private consumption is expected to lead the recovery when it takes hold." The central bank added that regaining pre-COVID-19 momentum will take quite some time. It also suggested that a recapitalisation plan now for banks "assumes critical importance."Reliance Industries (RIL) has appointed former Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) Chairman Sanjiv Singh as Group President and Member of the oil-to-chemicals (O2C) business leadership team. He will be leading the group's manufacturing services, RIL Executive Director Hital R Meswani said. Singh, who was the Chairman of IOC for three years, superannuated from his services at the company on June 30.Karnataka Deputy CM and Higher Education Minister Dr Ashwathnarayan CN has announced that academic year for degree colleges will start from September 1 with online classes. Offline classes will begin in October. "Once the academic year begins, final year exams will be scheduled for all undergraduate, diploma and engineering students. Backlog exams will also be conducted accordingly," he tweeted.Actress Tamannaah Bhatia on Wednesday took to social media to inform that her parents have tested positive for coronavirus. "The rest of the family members, including myself and the staff have tested negative," she added. "The necessary authorities have been updated of their situation and we are complying with the precautionary guidelines," Tamannaah further wrote. As per Hindustan Times, Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) Director General Rakesh Asthana has said they received a letter from Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday evening. It stated that during their probe, they found drugs were supplied to Rhea Chakraborty and Sushant Singh Rajput, he added. "An NCB team will...conduct an inquiry and people involved will be questioned," said Asthana.Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to share a video of the Sun Temple in Modhera, Gujarat. "Modhera's iconic Sun Temple looks splendid on a rainy day! Have a look," PM Modi wrote while sharing the video. The temple complex was constructed under the patronage of Bhimdev I in 1027 AD, according to the official website of Gujarat tourism.Over 1,500 human bones were found during an excavation in Japan's Osaka at what is thought to be a burial site dating back some 160 years. Researchers discovered 350 small graves at the site dubbed the 'Umeda Tomb'. Experts believe multiple bodies were buried together due to deaths related to an epidemic disease, The Osaka City Cultural Properties Association said.Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday said no deaths of COVID-19 patients who are under home isolation have been reported since July 14. He added, "The case fatality rate (CFR) has come down to 1.4% and continues to be among the best in the country." He said 1,693 new COVID-19 cases were reported in Delhi in the last 24 hours.Ambegaon ward has emerged as the new COVID-19 hotspot in Pune, with over 5% of new cases reported from the area in the last two weeks. The Lohiyanagar-Kasewadi ward has reported the slowest growth of the infection in recent days. The infection is also spreading more rapidly in the suburbs now, while it has slowed in the city's central parts.The Phase II clinical trial of the Oxford COVID-19 vaccine, being manufactured by Pune-based Serum Institute of India (SII), has begun. Two male volunteers, aged 32 and 48, were administered the vaccine at Bharati Vidyapeeth's Medical College and Hospital. Overall, 25 candidates will be given the vaccine in the next seven days.England fast bowler James Anderson, who reached 600 Test wickets and 29 five-wicket hauls, has made it back to the top 10 bowlers in ICC Test rankings. Anderson jumped six places to the eighth spot. Meanwhile, Team India fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah dropped one place to be ranked ninth. Australia's Pat Cummins leads the rankings with 904 rating points.Global professional services company Accenture is firing around 25,000 employees globally that make 5% of the company's total workforce, The Australian Financial Review reported citing an internal global staff meeting. The 'performance-based' first round of cuts happened earlier this month and more are expected to follow. Around 10,000 employees in India are said to be affected by the move.The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has announced a total ban on sale or use of all kinds of firecrackers in Delhi NCR from midnight today till November 30. Earlier, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal had said that it has been decided to ban firecrackers, adding, "Coronavirus cases have increased due to festival season and pollution."Haryana government has allowed use of firecrackers on Diwali and Gurupurab from 8 pm till 10 pm and on Christmas and New Year's eve from 11:55 pm to 12:30 am. "For promoting community fire cracking, particular area/fields would be...pre-designated," read an official order. "The sale shall only be through licensed traders. No e-commerce websites shall accept any orders," it stated. After actor-model Milind Soman was booked by Goa Police for running nude on a beach, actress Pooja Bedi defended him. "Absolutely nothing obscene about Milind's...pic. The obscenity lies in minds...of a viewer imagining more!" she tweeted. "His crime is being good looking...If nudity is a crime all Naga babas should be arrested. Smearing ash can't make it acceptable!" Pooja added. 
After news outlets announced results of US elections, a picture of actress Mallika Sherawat with Vice President-elect Kamala Harris from 2010 has gone viral. "With Kamala Harris, attorney general of San Francisco. I was inspired by her for my role in 'Politics of Love'," Mallika had written. In 2009, Mallika had tweeted, "Having fun at a fancy event with...Kamala Harris."

US President-elect Joe Biden's German Shepherd 'Major' will be the first dog from an animal rescue shelter to live in the White House. Biden has two German Shepherds. In October, Biden posted a video on Instagram and wrote, "You're also voting for Champ and Major. Let's put dogs back in the White House."Four members of a family have allegedly died by suicide in Andhra Pradesh's Kurnool district by coming under a train. A video has surfaced after their deaths, in which Sheik Abdul Salam claims he has nothing to do with the two theft cases in which the police have implicated him, and that he is unable to bear their torture anymore.A woman in Kerala's Malappuram allegedly poisoned her minor children to death before ending her own life. The 35-year-old woman and her three children were found hanging in their residence on Sunday. It is suspected that the woman poisoned her children and hanged their bodies after they breathed their last. The woman's husband works as a tapping labourer. Dr Sarala Gopalan, the Chennai-based maternal aunt of Kamala Harris, on Sunday said, "She has achieved what she wanted to do." Her aunt added, "We have always seen her (Kamala Harris) grow up as a good child. She was very good at whatever she did." Harris is America's first woman, first Black and first South Asian Vice President-elect.A couple in France discovered a tiny capsule containing a message dispatched by a Prussian soldier over 100 years ago using a carrier pigeon. The message from the soldier based at Ingersheim, written in German, appears to be dated 16 July 1910, or 1916. The message will become part of a museum's permanent display.Domestic equity benchmark indices BSE Sensex and Nifty opened at record highs, with Sensex surging over 600 points to as high as 42,534 and the Nifty50 index hitting 12,445. ICICI Bank, Infosys, HCL Tech, and Powergrid rose 2% each and all BSE companies were trading in the green. The Nifty Bank Index was also up 1.6%, gaining 450 points. As actors Bhumi Pednekar and Ayushmann Khurrana's film 'Bala' completed one year, Bhumi said she wants to leave behind a legacy of good cinema and added, "I want my films to be remembered even when...I am gone." Noting that good cinema comes with strong content, Bhumi said, "What people remember is how they were moved emotionally by the... film."
Commenting on Donald Trump's US elections loss, Sacha Baron Cohen tweeted, "Donald, you're out of work... I offered you a job. But your performance this past week was tragic... Offer rescinded." In October, after Trump criticized Cohen's film 'Borat 2', the actor had tweeted, "I'm always looking for people to play racist buffoons, and you'll need a job after Jan."Sanya Malhotra, who has starred in films like 'Pataakha' and 'Badhaai Ho', said, "I constantly remind myself that acting is an uncertain job. So planning won't work at all." Speaking about her work she said, "If people like it, it is a plus but if it is not working, it is not in my hands, so why take the pressure." Congress General Secretary Randeep Singh Surjewala has said Bihar will "break caste and religion barrier and give way for the rest of the country to follow". "BJP divided the country through fear, hatred and religion. Prices of farm produce and aspirations of the weaker sections have taken a backseat," he further said, adding RJD-Congress will do "what's important for Bihar".After SRH captain David Warner confirmed on Sunday that Wriddhiman Saha has a hamstring tear, his participation in the Test series in Australia is doubtful. Though the nature of his injury is unknown, a Grade 2 tear could rule him out of the entire series. Meanwhile, a Grade 1 tear could see him recover in time for the first Test.After taking four wickets against SRH, DC's South African pacer Kagiso Rabada said winning the IPL is his priority while his personal records don't matter. "Primary is winning the tournament. If we win the tournament and I don't take any wickets...I don't mind that at all," Rabada said. DC qualified for their first IPL final on Sunday.As many as 857 new COVID-19 cases have been reported in Telangana, taking the state's tally to 2,51,188, state Minister for Health, Medical and Family Welfare Eatala Rajender tweeted. Areas within Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) limits accounted for 250 of the fresh cases, followed by Rangareddy at 88. Meanwhile, Telangana's total number of recovered patients has reached 2,30,568.DC all-rounder Marcus Stoinis said his team might have lost to MI earlier this season but if they play their best cricket, it should be good enough for their maiden IPL title. "It is important to stick to your strategy when these important games coming up," said Stoinis. DC will play their first IPL final against MI on Tuesday.Babar Azam will reportedly replace Azhar Ali as the Test captain of Pakistan. According to the reports, Babar is the unanimous choice for Test captaincy and has even accepted the role. While the decision will be approved on Monday, a formal announcement is expected on November 11. After appointment, Babar's first assignment would be the Test series in New Zealand.Cyber intelligence firm CYFIRMA said in its report that hackers keen to breach India's firewalls originate primarily in China, Pakistan and North Korea. Hacker groups such as North Korea's Lazarus, China's Stone Panda and Pakistan's APT36 have been targeting Indian individuals and institutions to steal data, as per the report. It adds that several of these groups are state-sponsored.A report by Website Planet claims that Prestige Software, the company behind hotel reservation platforms for Hotels.com, Booking.com and Expedia, left data exposed for millions of guests. More than 10 million files dating back to 2013 includes names, reservation details and even credit card details. The report added that there's no confirmation on whether someone took the data. Delhi's Air Quality Index (AQI) continued to remain in 'severe' category on Monday. The AQI in Anand Vihar was 485 at 9 am, while the same in ITO and Mundka was 475 and 481, respectively. In Bawana, the AQI was recorded at 484, in Punjabi Bagh at 466 and in Wazirpur at 474, according to Central Pollution Control Board data.West Bengal BJP chief Dilip Ghosh said TMC party cadres "who're yet to mend their ways and are torturing common people should rectify themselves in next six months". "[Otherwise] their hands, legs and ribs will be broken and they'll have to go to hospital," he further said, adding "If they continue with their mischief, they'll have to go to crematorium."Japanese media company Uzabase has sold online news site Quartz to its Co-founder and editor-in-chief, two-and-a-half years after it bought the site from Atlantic Media for up to $110 million. Quartz Co-founder and CEO Zach Seward and editor-in-chief Katherine Bell will operate the publication as a private company. Quartz reported $11.2 million in losses in the first half of 2020.A man named Sandro from Germany's Finsterwalde has spent ₹5.8 lakh on 17 body modifications in last 13 years. The 39-year-old had both his ears removed and now keeps them in a jar. He also has had implants put in his forehead, forearm and the back of his hand. "It has strengthened my self-confidence above all," Sandro said about transformation.Team India captain Virat Kohli and his wife, actress Anushka Sharma took to social media on Thursday to announce that they are expecting their first child. "And then, we were three! Arriving Jan 2021," the couple wrote in the caption while sharing a photo that shows Anushka's baby bump. Virat and Anushka got married in December 2017.Sushant Singh Rajput's ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande tweeted a video of Sushant in which he can be seen in a flight simulator. "Is this #claustrophobia? You always wanted to fly...you did it...we all are proud of you," Ankita wrote. This comes after actress Rhea Chakraborty claimed that Sushant used to feel claustrophobic on flights and would take medicine for it.Rhea Chakraborty told India Today she got to know about Sushant Singh Rajput's reported bipolar disorder during their Europe trip in 2019. "When we were leaving...Sushant said he feels claustrophobic on flight. He took a medicine 'Modafinil'," she added. "He told me that in 2013, he had a depressive episode and met a psychiatrist, who prescribed him Modafinil," said Rhea.Actress Rhea Chakraborty, in her first interview since Sushant Singh Rajput's death, told India Today, "I wasn't living off Sushant's money, we were living like a couple." Adding that Sushant lived life "king size", Rhea added, "Some years ago, he went on an all-boys trip to Thailand. He took a private jet and spent ₹70 lakh on that trip."Rhea Chakraborty has shared a video showing her father being surrounded by media persons inside their building compound. "We've been trying to get out of...house to cooperate with...investigation authorities. There's a threat to [our] lives," she wrote. "We've informed...police, no help provided...In times [of COVID-19], basic law and order restrictions need to be provided," Rhea added.Minister of State (MoS) for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gurjar tweeted on Thursday that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "Everyone who has come in contact with me, please take this seriously and get your corona test done," Gurjar said. India recorded the highest single-day spike in COVID-19 cases with 75,760 cases in the last 24 hours.Over 150 academicians, including professors from Delhi University and JNU, wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday supporting the conduct of JEE and NEET examinations. They stated, "The dreams...of our youth...cannot be compromised at any cost. However, some are trying to play with the future of our students simply to propel their own political agenda and oppose the government." Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that his company has no plans of buying TikTok. During a podcast, Pichai was asked whether Google was buying TikTok. "We are not," he responded. This comes after US President Donald Trump issued an executive order on August 14 to ban TikTok unless its US operations are sold within 90 days by ByteDance.US electric-truck startup Nikola's Founder and Chairman Trevor Milton said he's giving the first 50 employees 6 million of his own shares worth $233 million after making a promise when he hired them. "I love our employees. They make Nikola great and are the key to our success," he said. The 37-year-old is currently worth $4.6 billion, according to Bloomberg.Maharashtra PWD Minister Eknath Shinde on Wednesday stated that a foundation run by his family would take care of the two four-year-old children who lost their family members in the building collapse in Raigad district. One of the boys, Mohammad Bangi, was pulled out alive from under the rubble 18 hours after the five-storey building collapsed. Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday said, "Professional examinations like NEET and JEE can be done online and I think the government should agree." "It has happened in the past and it's happening all over, why can't it happen here?" Singh said. The Congress has announced a nationwide protest against conducting NEET and JEE.Maharashtra government approved the proposal to reduce stamp duty by 3% for September 1 to December 31, 2020 period and 2% for January 1 to March 31, 2021 period. "Many supplementary businesses...depended on the real estate sector. If the real estate sector survives...other sectors can also do better," Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat said. The government currently charges 6% stamp duty.All religious places in Rajasthan that were closed for devotees due to COVID-19 pandemic will be re-opened from September 7, said state government on Wednesday. "All precautionary measures to ensure safety against the disease will have to be mandatorily followed," the government order reads. Currently, there are more than 14,000 active COVID-19 cases in Rajasthan.Two illegal residential towers owned by gangster turned UP MLA Mukthar Ansari were demolished by the Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday in the presence of heavy police force. The Lucknow administration stated, "Expenses of demolition will be recovered from him (Ansari). FIR will be registered. Responsibility of officials under whom this illegal construction took place will be fixed." Amid demands for further postponement of JEE and NEET examinations by some political leaders, Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal said, "Every day, I get innumerable mails from the silent majority. The parents and students say...they don't want a zero academic year." Pokhriyal added, "It pains to see that education is becoming politicised." A garment store in Tamil Nadu's Tiruchirappalli has set up a saree-clad humanoid robot named Zafira at its entrance, amid the coronavirus pandemic. Zafira dispenses sanitiser, checks customers' temperature and ensures that they wear masks. The robot also keeps track of the number of customers entering the store and sends these details to the store owners daily. Anamika Mithilesh, the Mayor of BJP-led South Delhi Municipal Corporation, on Wednesday accused the Delhi government of slashing funds for the civic body and claimed that she has no option but to go to CM Arvind Kejriwal's house with a begging bowl. Presenting data on the funds, Mithilesh added that ₹1,100 crore is due in the current financial year itself.Shares of Transglobe Foods, an Indian fruit-jam maker which made no sales in 2019-20, has surged over 4300% this year amid a market rally in penny stocks. Real-estate services firm Shree Precoated Steels, which also had zero revenues, has jumped over 1,300%. "It's time to book some profits, as retail money is chasing penny stocks like crazy," Equinomics Research said.A consumer forum fined a restaurant in Mumbai ₹2 lakh for charging ₹10 more than the MRP of ₹165 for an ice cream pack from then sub-inspector Bhaskar Jadhav in 2014. The restaurant claimed it incurred costs to store it, while the complainant said he bought it from the counter. It has also been told to pay ₹15,000 to Jadhav.A group of 14 women at GMR Varalakshmi Foundation (GMRVF) Hyderabad centre, in the past four months, have made more than 30,000 masks and 6,000 PPE kits. They have also been able to generate some income for their families during the COVID-19 pandemic. "As an organisation, we are committed to our social responsibilities," an official said.Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri stated that India crossed the milestone of more than 100,000 domestic passengers in a day on Wednesday. The Union Minister added that there were "more than 1,000 flights and more than 200,000 passenger footfalls at airports" on the day. Notably, flight movements have been restricted for several months due to the coronavirus pandemic.IIT-Hyderabad's Centre for Healthcare Entrepreneurship startup USafe claims to have developed the world's most affordable respirator mask, US9. The US9 has filtration rates considered better than N95 standards. The mask, along with 10 complementary filters, costs about ₹499. The cost of a fresh N95 equivalent mask comes at about ₹13 per day, making it "an affordable innovation", said USafe.Congress announced that it will stage nationwide protests on Friday against the central government's decision to hold NEET and JEE amid COVID-19. "An ever insensitive and mindless central government is holding these exams despite the obvious risk it holds," Congress MP KC Venugopal said. Political leaders across party lines have urged the government to postpone the exams amid the pandemic.Paralympic athletes took to the catwalk in Japan's Tokyo on Tuesday for the Amputee Venus Show which was scheduled to be held in conjunction with the opening of Paralympic Games. "Thanks to the show it sank in that there is only one year left until the Paralympic Games," said Japan's Kaede Maegawa. The Paralympics will open on August 24, 2021.The government will divest up to 15% stake in state-owned defence and aerospace company Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to raise up to ₹5,020 crore. It currently holds 89.97% stake in HAL, after it sold 10% through an initial public offering (IPO) in 2018. A floor price of ₹1,001 per share has been set for the sale.OPPO's latest device F17 Pro will launch in a musical concert that'll be hosted by Rithvik Dhanjani and feature performances by Raftaar and Hardy Sandhu. Featuring 7.48mm ultra-thin design, OPPO said F17 Pro is the sleekest design of 2020 and will come with a 6 AI portrait camera set-up so you can #FlauntItYourWay.India's total coronavirus cases have increased to 33,10,234 after a record one-day spike of 75,760 cases. This is the first time that more than 75,000 cases have been recorded in 24 hours. Meanwhile, death toll in the country has surged to 60,472. Coronavirus recoveries have reached 25,23,771 and active cases stand at 7,25,991.Online learning platform, Springboard is offering its Data Analytics course in India. Built-in partnership with Microsoft, the company wants to transition aspiring analysts by pairing them with a top Data Analyst in India as their personal 1:1 mentor. Springboard said, it has roped 250+ mentors in India from various companies to make transition into Data Analytics for its learners.Singer Katy Perry and her fiancé, actor Orlando Bloom have been blessed with their first child, a baby girl. Orlando shared a post by UNICEF that read, "Welcome to the world, Daisy Dove Bloom! We're honoured to introduce Goodwill Ambassadors Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom's new bundle of joy." "We're floating with love and wonder," Katy and Orlando told UNICEF.According to WhatsApp chats accessed by Times Now, a WhatsApp message sent by Sushant Singh Rajput's house manager Samuel Miranda to Rhea Chakraborty earlier this year reads, "Can you give Dipesh ₹17,000 for 2 bags of weed?" A message sent by another person reads, "Getting green for 5k 1 bag" to which Rhea replied, "We...have hash...Don't get for now."KK Singh, the father of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, on Thursday said that Rhea Chakraborty was giving poison to Sushant from a long time and she is his murderer. Singh demanded that investigators must arrest Rhea and her associates and ensure that they face punishment. The CBI is currently probing Sushant's death case.Citing media reports, Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Shweta Singh Kirti said, "On [June 8] when Rhea [Chakraborty] walked out of my brother's house, she sent...IT team to collect data from my brother's devices." "They collected eight hard disks...and when my brother stopped them, he got...threat call, as per statements recorded by CBI. The same night Disha [Salian] died," she added.Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has become the world's first-ever person to amass a $200-billion fortune. The 56-year-old is worth $205 billion, nearly $89 billion more than the world's second-richest person, Bill Gates, who's currently worth $116.2 billion, according to Forbes. Bezos' net worth was around $115 billion on January 1.China's ByteDance-owned video sharing platform TikTok's CEO Kevin Mayer has resigned from the company after just three months. Mayer left his post as the streaming head of Disney to join TikTok on June 1. His resignation comes after India banned the app and US President Donald Trump on August 14 ordered ByteDance to sell TikTok's US operations within 90 days.Accusing party leaders and the civil and police administration of sheltering the spurious liquor smugglers behind the recent hooch tragedy, Tarn Taran district Congress president Manjit Singh Ghasitpur resigned from the party. Stating that he had tried to meet Punjab CM Amarinder Singh but could not get an appointment, Ghasitpur added, "Our party MLAs...are indulging in illegal liquor trade." BJP on Wednesday named party spokesperson Syed Zafar Islam as its candidate for the Rajya Sabha bypoll to a seat from Uttar Pradesh. The election has been necessitated after the demise of sitting member Amar Singh. The EC said in a press note that the election will be held between 9 am and 4 pm on September 11.China's Alibaba Group has put on hold plans to invest in Indian companies amid tension between the two nations, Reuters reported. Alibaba won't put fresh funds to expand its investments in India for at least six months, it added. Alibaba Group and its affiliates have invested over $2 billion in Indian companies since 2015 and participated in several funding rounds.Higher Education Secretary Amit Khare has said further postponement of NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) exams till after Diwali "means students risk losing the entire academic year." He added, "After Diwali, Chhatt festival will be celebrated...If we take a week after that to organise the exams, then we can only hold them in...December and results would be announced in 2021." A Delhi court on Wednesday sent JNU PhD scholar Sharjeel Imam, arrested under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), to police custody for four days in connection with February Delhi riots. This comes after he was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday. Sharjeel was brought back to Delhi from Assam on Sunday on a production warrant.Railways Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday said that by December 2023, India will have 100% electrified rail network, and by 2030, Indian Railways' carbon emission will be zero. Carbon emission from Railways was 6.84 million tonnes in 2014, according to NITI Aayog data. We will be the world's first railway of this scale to be 100% electric, he added.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted heavy rainfall activity over several parts of north India in the next four days. Moreover, an orange alert has been issued for Uttarakhand for August 27 and 28, east Uttar Pradesh for August 28 and east Rajasthan for August 29 and August 30. IMD has also issued a yellow alert for eight states/UTs.A woman constable, deployed at Sidgora COVID-19 centre in Jharkhand's Jamshedpur, was allegedly raped by one of her colleagues during duty hours. According to the reports, the accused took her to the upper floor of the centre saying she may be vulnerable to coronavirus on the lower floor and raped her. The accused was arrested and sent to judicial custody.Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik approved an assistance package of ₹200 crore to help poor families affected due to COVID-19. "Members of the Women Self Help Groups can revive their family enterprises through this package," the government stated. Loans up to ₹1 lakh for skilled and semi-skilled migrants, who have returned to the state, will be given under this package.Stating that the Centre must strengthen the military, Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh said, "Mark my words, any war with China will be a collusive one, with Pakistan as well." Discussing Chinese incursions in Ladakh, he added, "We are in a much, much better position...The Chinese are going to be very foolish if they think they can come on us."The 29-year-old Australian terrorist who killed 51 Muslim worshippers at two mosques in New Zealand's Christchurch last year has been sentenced to life in prison without parole. This is the first time such a sentence has been handed down in the country. He admitted to 51 charges of murder, 40 attempted murders and one charge of committing a terrorist act.Russia has released a declassified video of the world's largest-ever nuclear explosion carried out on October 30, 1961 in the Russian Arctic Sea. The hydrogen bomb, known as Tsar Bomba (King of Bombs), had a yield of 50,000 kilotons. It was 3,333 times more powerful than the atomic bomb dropped on Japan's Hiroshima in 1945, reports said.A 29-year-old Dutch author, Marieke Lucas Rijneveld, has become the youngest to win the International Booker, taking the award for their debut novel 'The Discomfort of Evening'. The £50,000 (₹49 lakh) prize will be split equally between Rijneveld and translator Michele Hutchison. The book was chosen from a shortlist of six books by a five-judge panel, chaired by Ted Hodgkinson.Delhi-based mobile gaming startup Gamezop has raised ₹32 crore ($4.3 million) in Series A funding led by e-sports investor BITKRAFT Ventures, with participation from Velo Partners and FJ Labs. The platform develops HTML5 games that can be embedded on mobile websites and run without downloading any apps. Gamezop was started by brothers Yashash Agarwal and Gaurav Agarwal in 2015.Online rummy gaming platform RummyBaazi has raised ₹14.9 crore ($2 million) in seed funding at a pre-money evaluation of roughly ₹104 crore ($14 million) from Udtara Ventures. RummyBaazi parent Baazi Games has also put in ₹7.4 crore ($1 million) to boost the platform's development and reach. Launched in 2019, RummyBaazi claims to have over 5,00,000 players on its platform.A 45-year-old stockbroker in Mumbai's Kandivali allegedly strangled his wife and then hanged himself, as he was upset over lack of work amid COVID-19 pandemic, police said. In a note, he apologised to his 17-year-old son for not leaving behind anything for him. The son found his mother lying on the bed and his father hanging, police added.The US has blacklisted 24 Chinese state-owned firms and imposed visa restrictions on individuals responsible for building artificial islands in the South China Sea (SCS) or restricting other countries from accessing their offshore resources there. The US said that China's actions since 2013 have "trampled" upon other countries' rights, caused environmental devastation and destabilised the SCS.A parliamentary panel, chaired by YSR Congress leader Vijayasai Reddy V, recommended regulated foreign direct investment (FDI) in the tobacco sector. The panel remarked that the move would stimulate the production and processing of Indian tobacco thereby boosting its export and helping farmers. Currently, FDI is prohibited in manufacturing of cigars, cigarettes and tobacco substitutes.Actress Kangana Ranaut has claimed that cocaine is the most popular drug in the film industry and it's used in almost all house parties. "In the beginning when you go to houses of high and mighty it's given for free," she said. Her claims came after Narcotics Control Bureau registered a case in late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's death probe.After Attorney General of India KK Venugopal declined consent for initiating contempt proceedings against actress Swara Bhasker for her alleged "derogatory" statements against the Supreme Court over Ayodhya case verdict, Solicitor General Tushar Mehta also refused to entertain the request. SG Mehta said the request to him was "misconceived" after it was already declined by the Attorney General.West Bengal government on Wednesday allowed certain relaxations on flight movement from six COVID-19 hotspot cities namely Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Pune, Nagpur and Ahmedabad to Kolkata. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said that flight services from these six cities can resume thrice a week from September 1. There would be complete lockdown in West Bengal on September 7, 11 and 12.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Juny Anand has revealed former India captain MS Dhoni used to play with a bat which was as heavy as the one Sachin Tendulkar used. He added, "Hardik Pandya...uses a slightly heavier bat [which is around] 1,220 grams, which is still not anywhere close to the weight Sachin or Dhoni were using," he added.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Anand has said it was a difficult task to cater to ex-India captain Rahul Dravid's bats. Paras added, "He's a perfectionist...If you are off by say five grams or off by maybe half a millimetre, he'd just find out." "That is expected because you know the kind of a professional he is," Paras said.West Indies and Trinbago Knight Riders all-rounder Dwayne Bravo has become the first-ever bowler to take 500 wickets in T20 cricket history, achieving the feat after dismissing St Lucia Zouks' Rahkeem Cornwall in a CPL match today. Bravo reached the milestone in his 458th T20 match. Sri Lankan pacer Lasith Malinga, with 390 wickets, is the second-highest T20 wicket-taker.Billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio would be coming up with a cable landing station in West Bengal that would increase the state's connectivity with European and Asian countries, CM Mamata Banerjee said on Wednesday. "They would invest more than ₹1,000 crore," the CM further said. Jio had bid to build the station and the state government has allotted them land.The CRPF on Wednesday arrested a man near Delhi's Parliament House after he was found roaming in a suspicious manner, police said. The man, who claims to be a resident of J&K's Budgam, had a piece of paper which had characters that appear to be some codes. Two IDs with different names were found from his backpack, the police added.Supreme Court has set aside the special leave petition filed by Andhra Pradesh government, refusing to grant stay on the High Court's status quo order on its two laws to form three capital cities. The court said it cannot interfere in the matter as it is already pending in the High Court and is coming up for hearing on Thursday.Passengers taking international flights from India need not apply to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and can directly book their tickets with the airlines, said an official statement on Wednesday. The government said that it has designated all the airlines operating under Vande Bharat Mission and air transport bubble arrangements as designated agencies for people to apply with necessary details.US First Lady Melania Trump referred to her stepdaughter Ivanka and her allies as "snakes", The Guardian reported quoting a new book by Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, a former friend of Melania. Ivanka sought to undermine Melania, including interference in the First Lady's attempts to appoint a new chief of staff, claimed the book which will be published on September 1.Richa Chadha has said it is unlikely that she and Ali Fazal will get married this year because "the [coronavirus] pandemic is far from over". "We'd not like to endanger anyone due to our celebration. It's only wise to wait for...vaccine," she added. "In...second week of March itself, we had decided...we won't get married in these conditions," Richa further said.Actress Shivaleeka Oberoi, while sharing her experience of working in 'Khuda Haafiz', said, "It was an amazing experience working with everybody on set." "Nobody from our film has ever had a godfather. Everybody has...same passion and all of us came together to make this film," she added. Directed by Faruk Kabir, 'Khuda Haafiz' also starred Vidyut Jammwal and Annu Kapoor.Shekhar Suman's son, actor Adhyayan Summan, has revealed that there was a time when he "sort of slipped into a mild depression". "Slipping into depression wasn't just due to...career, it was due to...personal life as well," he added. "A lot of negativity I got, not because of...professional but my personal relationship. It was very difficult...to fight that," Adhyayan said. Talking about Sushant Singh Rajput, Nawazuddin Siddiqui said, "I met him on several occasions...and we really liked one another." "I could feel his positive vibes every time we met," he said, adding that the late actor liked to engage people in conversations. Nawazuddin further said Sushant was full of life and ideas, adding, "How could [he] be done with life?" 
Talking about discrimination against TV actors in Bollywood, actress Devoleena Bhattacharjee said, "During auditions or look test, we get to hear things like 'We don't want TV acting for this role'." "They remind you that you're coming from TV, and film world is something superior," she added. "It's high time Bollywood stops looking down upon TV actors," Devoleena further said.Pune on Wednesday reported 1,617 new COVID-19 cases, taking its total to 87,317, the city's Mayor Murlidhar Mohol said. The death toll due to COVID-19 rose to 2,108 after 31 more fatalities were recorded in the city. Over 70,000 patients have recovered so far while 14,940 cases are active. Pune has conducted a total of over 4.2 lakh COVID-19 tests.BJP MP Nishikant Dubey has written to Congress MP and Chairman of Information Technology parliamentary panel, Shashi Tharoor, asking him to cancel the panel's September 1 meeting on 4G services in J&K. Dubey said the meeting's "agenda is in contravention of the rules of the House". The issue of 4G service resumption is pending before the Supreme Court, he added.The All India Online Vendors Association has filed an antitrust case against Amazon in India, alleging that the company engages in anti-competitive practices, a report said. The group also alleged that Amazon's wholesale arm buys goods in bulk from manufacturers and sells them at a loss to entities like Cloudtail, who then offer the goods on Amazon.in at big discounts.Sri Lanka's newly appointed Foreign Secretary Admiral Jayanath Colombage has said the country "will always have an India-first approach" as far as strategic security is concerned. "As far as economic development is concerned, we cannot depend on one country," Colombage added. Talking about the Chinese investment in the Hambantota port, he said, Sri Lanka had first offered Hambantota to India.As many as 2,050 vehicle owners were issued challans across Gautam Buddha Nagar district on Wednesday for violating the curbs imposed due to COVID-19 pandemic, the police said. Over 20 vehicles were impounded during the same period, they added. A total of ₹1,83,800 was collected in fines during the action, the police further said.A 40-year-old man has been arrested for creating a fake Facebook page in the name of "Bengaluru City Police", the police said on Wednesday. The man is a resident of Malleswaram in Bengaluru and had created the page recently, according to the police. Earlier this month, an alleged derogatory post on Facebook sparked violence in Bengaluru leading to three deaths.Mumbai has received 1,044.8 mm rain between August 1 and 25, the highest August rainfall recorded in the city since 2010, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Mumbai received 2942.4 mm rainfall from June 1 to August 25, it added. The highest rainfall for August in Mumbai was recorded in 1958 at 1,254 mm, the data showed. Telangana government on Wednesday said that it will hand over 85,000 'Dignity Houses' to the beneficiaries in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation area by December 2020. Minister for Municipal Administration and Urban Development KT Rama Rao claimed that no metro city in India has constructed such a large number of these houses under any program. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden "has been a total pushover for Communist China and someone who would be a giant relief for terrorists", US President Donald Trump's son Eric Trump said. Speaking at the Republican National Convention, Eric added that Biden, who has been in the government for 47 years, doesn't know the "slightest thing about the American worker".The World Economic Forum (WEF) on Wednesday said that the 2021 summit at Davos, Switzerland will be postponed from January to "early next summer" due to the coronavirus pandemic. "The advice from experts is that we cannot (host the event) safely in January," it added. The WEF further said that it will instead host virtual 'high-level' discussions in January.NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said that the five-year-old Unified Payments Interface (UPI) will overtake decades-old Visa and MasterCard as a preferred mode of payment over next three years. UPI with 1,800 crore transactions annually has surpassed Amex at 800 crore, Kant tweeted. The volume of UPI transactions rose to 1,252 crore in 2019-20 from 91.52 crore in 2017-18.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12. Current lockdown measures will remain in place in the state till September 20, she added. "We want Metro Rail services to be resumed by maintaining social distancing norms," she further said.Ahead of the Assembly session that is scheduled to begin on August 28, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday said that 23 Punjab MLAs have so far tested positive for COVID-19. "Everyone including the Chief Minister downwards, every MLA must have his COVID-19 test done," the chief minister added.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that educational institutes will remain closed in the state till September 20. Further, the bi-weekly lockdown in the state will continue till September 17. Meanwhile, complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12, CM Mamata further announced.Supermodel Gigi Hadid took to Instagram on Wednesday to share the first pictures of her baby bump and wrote in the caption of one of the photos, "[Growing] an angel." "Cherishing this time. Appreciate all the love and well wishes," she wrote in another post. The 25-year-old is expecting her first child with singer Zayn Malik.The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has registered a case in Sushant Singh Rajput's death after Rhea Chakraborty's WhatsApp chat with an alleged drug dealer surfaced online. In the chat, Rhea had reportedly said, "[Tried] MDMA once...You have MD?" Earlier today, NCB Director General Rakesh Asthana said that ED had found that drugs were supplied to Rhea and Sushant.Distributing COVID-19 vaccine around the world fairly without letting the rich countries corner the limited doses is going to be a big challenge, WHO Chief Scientist Soumya Swaminathan said on Wednesday. "By early 2021, we should have some good news," she added. India is in a good position because many companies are working on vaccine development, she further said.Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said that NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) aspirants are worried about their health and future. He said, "They have genuine concerns of fear of COVID-19 infection, transport and lodging during pandemic, and flood-mayhem in Assam and Bihar." He added, "Government of India must listen to all stakeholders and find an acceptable solution."The UK's University of Cambridge confirmed plans to begin trials of a potential vaccine that can not only work against COVID-19 but all coronaviruses that may 'spill-over' from animals to humans. The 'DIOS-CoVax2' vaccine uses banks of genetic sequences of all known coronaviruses, including those from bats. The vaccine can be freeze-dried as powder and doesn't need to be cold-stored.
Mumbai-born leg-spinner Pravin Tambe has become the first-ever Indian cricketer to play in the Caribbean Premier League (CPL). The 48-year-old has been named in the playing XI of Trinbago Knight Riders in their match against St Lucia Zouks. Earlier, Tambe was disqualified from the 2020 edition as he had featured in T10 League in Sharjah in 2018.Team India batsman KL Rahul trolled himself while congratulating England pacer James Anderson on taking 600 wickets in Test cricket. "1 of the 600...Congratulations on the amazing feat," he wrote in the now-deleted tweet. He then posted a new tweet, sharing Anderson's pic with the caption GOAT. Anderson became the first fast bowler to take 600 Test wickets.Former Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has been trolled for calling England pacer James Anderson a "medium fast bowler" while congratulating him on taking 600 Test wickets. "Are you praising him or taunting him?" a fan tweeted. Another fan wrote, "Why include the word 'medium'? Backhanded compliment." Another tweet read, "A bit of grace won't hurt."Pakistan batsman Asif Ali faces disciplinary action after he swatted his bat within centimetres of bowler Keemo Paul's face during a Caribbean Premier League match. Asif almost hit Keemo after the latter appeared to give him a verbal send-off. Asif was dismissed for three runs as his team Jamaica Tallawahs went on to win the match by five wickets.England on Tuesday won their first Test series against Pakistan in 10 years after clinching the three-match home series 1-0. With this, England are placed third on the World Test Championship table with 292 points after 15 matches. Meanwhile, Pakistan are fifth with 166 points. India, who have won seven out of nine matches, top the table with 360 points.Indian women's hockey team captain Rani Rampal has revealed she couldn't stop herself from crying when she first got to know that she has been conferred with Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award. She added, ''I called my father first to give him the good news…Since I was crying on the call, he was worried if everything was OK with me."Bengaluru-based edtech startup BYJU'S has raised a fourth funding tranche in its ongoing Series F round from Russian billionaire Yuri Milner's investment fund DST Global, Entrackr reported. BYJU'S was reportedly in talks with the Hong Kong-headquartered VC firm to raise around $400 million. Post allotment, DST will command a 1.2% stake in the edtech startup.
The Orissa High Court allowed a 24-year-old woman to live with her same-sex partner after the latter's family members reportedly tried to get her married to a boy. The court also directed police to provide security to the partner of the woman so that she could start living with her.  The couple has been in a consensual relationship since 2017.Spanish actor Antonio Banderas on Tuesday took to social media to reveal that he has recovered from coronavirus. "After 21 days of disciplinary confinement, I can say now that today I overcame the COVID-19 infection. I'm cured," he wrote. Earlier this month, Antonio had revealed that he's forced to celebrate his 60th birthday in quarantine as he's suffering from coronavirus.Rahul Mittra, Sanjay Dutt's friend and producer of his upcoming film 'Torbaaz', has denied the rumours that the 61-year-old actor, who has been diagnosed with lung cancer, is terminally ill. "This is utter rubbish," he said. "Sanju is undergoing preliminary treatment in Mumbai and results of certain tests have yet to come...Please stop speculating," Rahul added.Actress Madhoo Shah, who starred in 1992 film 'Roja', has revealed that she was dropped from her debut film after shooting for four days. The actress further said she wasn't informed about the same, adding, "I came to know through...trade newspaper that I've been replaced." "The director and producer...didn't even tell me any reason...that was the biggest sorrow," Madhoo said.Akshay Oberoi, who starred in films like 'Pizza' and 'Gurgaon', has said, "People often say 'you haven't gotten your due', or 'you're not as big...as you should be'." "I feel there's...long way to go, so why get caught up in this now," he said, adding, "Many great actors only made it at...certain stage...I'll be ready for it when it comes."Jatin Rajguru, former secretary of actors like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Bipasha Basu and Suniel Shetty, passed away on Wednesday due to cancer. Bipasha took to Instagram to condole his death and wrote, "He was such a source of strength to me always...Jatin ji you will always be remembered fondly. Thank you." Meanwhile, Suniel Shetty tweeted, "RIP Jatin Garu...will miss you!" The Forest Department has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to get clearance to construct at Hauz Rani city forest under its Phase IV extension. "The area comes under Forest Conservation Act, 1980," Deputy Conservator of Forests (South) Amit Anand said. Discussions are underway with DMRC for realignment of project to prevent construction activity at the forest, he added.A US spy plane on Wednesday flew near ongoing Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) drills in the South China Sea, a day after another plane entered an "exercise restricted zone," a Chinese think tank said. PLA is conducting drills in the waters off Hainan island, an official notice said. China had lodged "solemn representations" with the US over Tuesday's incident.It's premature to talk about "post-Abe" era as Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe still has over a year left in his term, Chief Cabinet Secretary and spokesman Yoshihide Suga said. Notably, the comment comes amid reports raising concerns over Abe's health after his two visits to the hospital recently. Reportedly, one of the visits lasted for over 7 hours. Reliance Industries (RIL) has appointed former Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) Chairman Sanjiv Singh as Group President and Member of the oil-to-chemicals (O2C) business leadership team. He will be leading the group's manufacturing services, RIL Executive Director Hital R Meswani said. Singh, who was the Chairman of IOC for three years, superannuated from his services at the company on June 30.The Reserve Bank of India in its annual report noted that "government consumption is expected to continue pandemic-proofing of demand" and that "private consumption is expected to lead the recovery when it takes hold." The central bank added that regaining pre-COVID-19 momentum will take quite some time. It also suggested that a recapitalisation plan now for banks "assumes critical importance."Karnataka Deputy CM and Higher Education Minister Dr Ashwathnarayan CN has announced that academic year for degree colleges will start from September 1 with online classes. Offline classes will begin in October. "Once the academic year begins, final year exams will be scheduled for all undergraduate, diploma and engineering students. Backlog exams will also be conducted accordingly," he tweeted.Actress Tamannaah Bhatia on Wednesday took to social media to inform that her parents have tested positive for coronavirus. "The rest of the family members, including myself and the staff have tested negative," she added. "The necessary authorities have been updated of their situation and we are complying with the precautionary guidelines," Tamannaah further wrote. As per Hindustan Times, Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) Director General Rakesh Asthana has said they received a letter from Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday evening. It stated that during their probe, they found drugs were supplied to Rhea Chakraborty and Sushant Singh Rajput, he added. "An NCB team will...conduct an inquiry and people involved will be questioned," said Asthana.Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to share a video of the Sun Temple in Modhera, Gujarat. "Modhera's iconic Sun Temple looks splendid on a rainy day! Have a look," PM Modi wrote while sharing the video. The temple complex was constructed under the patronage of Bhimdev I in 1027 AD, according to the official website of Gujarat tourism.Over 1,500 human bones were found during an excavation in Japan's Osaka at what is thought to be a burial site dating back some 160 years. Researchers discovered 350 small graves at the site dubbed the 'Umeda Tomb'. Experts believe multiple bodies were buried together due to deaths related to an epidemic disease, The Osaka City Cultural Properties Association said.Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday said no deaths of COVID-19 patients who are under home isolation have been reported since July 14. He added, "The case fatality rate (CFR) has come down to 1.4% and continues to be among the best in the country." He said 1,693 new COVID-19 cases were reported in Delhi in the last 24 hours.Ambegaon ward has emerged as the new COVID-19 hotspot in Pune, with over 5% of new cases reported from the area in the last two weeks. The Lohiyanagar-Kasewadi ward has reported the slowest growth of the infection in recent days. The infection is also spreading more rapidly in the suburbs now, while it has slowed in the city's central parts.The Phase II clinical trial of the Oxford COVID-19 vaccine, being manufactured by Pune-based Serum Institute of India (SII), has begun. Two male volunteers, aged 32 and 48, were administered the vaccine at Bharati Vidyapeeth's Medical College and Hospital. Overall, 25 candidates will be given the vaccine in the next seven days.England fast bowler James Anderson, who reached 600 Test wickets and 29 five-wicket hauls, has made it back to the top 10 bowlers in ICC Test rankings. Anderson jumped six places to the eighth spot. Meanwhile, Team India fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah dropped one place to be ranked ninth. Australia's Pat Cummins leads the rankings with 904 rating points.Global professional services company Accenture is firing around 25,000 employees globally that make 5% of the company's total workforce, The Australian Financial Review reported citing an internal global staff meeting. The 'performance-based' first round of cuts happened earlier this month and more are expected to follow. Around 10,000 employees in India are said to be affected by the move.US-based comedian Carter Hambley has been banned from dating app Tinder for alleged 'catfishing' after a woman reported his profile over his picture which had Baby Yoda photoshopped into it. The woman whom he matched with on Tinder mistook the photoshopped picture for an actual doll. "You're a liar and a sneak and I'm reporting you," she told Hambley.NASA has released an artist's impression which shows a potentially habitable planet orbiting the closest star to Earth. The double star Alpha Centauri AB also appears in the image. Proxima b is slightly bigger than the Earth and orbits in the habitable zone around Proxima Centauri, where the temperature is suitable for liquid water to exist on its surface.Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram opened for devotees from Wednesday. Darshan will be allowed from 8 am to 11 am in the morning and 5 pm to till the time of 'Deeparadhana' in the evening, the temple administration said. Devotees will have to register online one day prior to darshan and keep a copy of registration form while visiting.More than four lakh admit cards for medical entrance exam NEET were downloaded within three hours on Wednesday, as per PTI. The National Testing Agency (NTA) released the admit cards for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) at 12 pm on Wednesday. NEET is scheduled to take place on September 13.US President Trump on Tuesday pardoned Jon Ponder, a convicted bank robber-turned-activist, ahead of Ponder's appearance at the Republican National Convention. A three-time felon, Ponder went on to form a nonprofit organisation to assist prisoners seeking to reintegrate into the society. Ponder was granted clemency by the Nevada Pardons Board earlier this year.PNB scam accused Mehul Choksi moved the Delhi High Court against Netflix's documentary series 'Bad Boy Billionaires' seeking a preview before release. Choksi's petition said he fears his name may have been used in connection with his nephew Nirav Modi, and the series could be prejudicial to his case. Netflix said only two minutes in the series are on Choksi.Reacting to the chat between Rhea Chakraborty and a person allegedly about drugs, Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Shweta Singh Kirti tweeted, "This is a CRIMINAL [OFFENCE]." She added, "An immediate action should be taken by CBI on this. #RheaDrugsChat." Meanwhile, Rhea's lawyer said, "She has never consumed drugs in her lifetime. She's ready for a blood test any time."Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa on Wednesday inaugurated the Broadway Super-Speciality Hospital in Bengaluru's Shivajinagar which was converted into a COVID-19 dedicated facility. He also inspected the infrastructure at the hospital, which includes cardio and neuro-related treatment facilities. The hospital has equipment worth ₹10.25 crore which was funded by the Infosys Foundation.A second wave of the coronavirus pandemic could hit France in November, Professor Jean-François Delfraissy, who heads the scientific council that advises the French government on the pandemic, said on Wednesday. France has the seventh-highest death toll from coronavirus at 30,549, according to the Johns Hopkins University tracker. France has reported nearly 2.86 lakh coronavirus cases so far.West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has urged all the opposition chief ministers to move the Supreme Court together to postpone the NEET, JEE exams in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. "The exams are in September. Why should the lives of students be put at risk? We have written to the PM, but there has been no response," she added.Wang Xining, the deputy head of the Chinese Embassy in Australia, likened Australia's call for an independent investigation into the origins of coronavirus pandemic to betrayal for the benefit of the US.  The Australian call for an inquiry came when the US was "trying all out to blame China for their failure to control the spread" of coronavirus, he added.Google Arts and Culture app has added ancient creatures to its Arts and Culture catalogue, which allows users to explore the subject through augmented reality (AR). Google has collaborated with Moscow's State Darwin Museum and London's Natural History Museum to bring "prehistoric animals back to digital life". Ancient crustaceans and creatures will now be available on the app. Microsoft on Tuesday announced the launch of Transcribe in Word, its transcription service for Microsoft 365 subscribers. The software converts speech, which is either recorded directly in Word or from an uploaded audio file to a text transcript, with each speaker identified separately. The service then lets users edit the transcript directly through Word. US-based video-sharing app Triller has entered into a strategic partnership with Reliance Industries' music streaming platform JioSaavn. As part of the deal, JioSaavn will embed Triller videos into its app and also provide a button on the main screen that will enable users to create Triller videos. Triller said this was "first of many announcements" from the two companies.Early-stage venture capital (VC) firm Accel launched SeedToScale, a platform to provide entrepreneurs with training lessons and mentorship. "Our key aim with the program is to democratise what we have learned," said Abhinav Chaturvedi, Partner at Accel. SeedToScale is open to startups and entrepreneurs outside the firm's portfolio as well, Accel said.Two people were shot and killed during protests in US' Wisconsin state over the police shooting of an African-America man, Jacob Blake, the Kenosha Police Department said in a statement. The suspect, armed with a long gun, fled the scene, it added. One person, who was injured in the shooting, is being treated at a local hospital, it further said.Racial unrest is a "harsh reality" in the US and "we are not proud of parts of our history," US First Lady Melania Trump said in her address to the Republican National Convention. She urged people to learn from the past and "stop the violence and looting". Melania is the second First Lady who is born outside the US.Nguyen Van Chien, a 92-year-old man from the southern Mekong Delta region in Vietnam, has grown 5-metre-long hair after going without a haircut for 80 years. "I believe if I cut my hair I will die. I dare not to change anything, not even combing it," he said. Nguyen has also not washed or combed his hair in 80 years.Comedian Kevin Hart took to Instagram to share a screenshot of a news website using his picture for a report on eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt getting coronavirus. "I must [have] gotten really fast & tall overnight...I want to take advantage of this moment & race anybody in the world," he wrote. Kevin added it's "disrespectful on so many levels".TV and film actress Tripti Shankhdhar, in a series of Instagram stories, claimed her father tried to kill her. The 19-year-old added he wants to marry her off to a 28-year-old man and on her refusal to comply, pulled her by her hair and thrashed her. "Her father is in custody...Appropriate action will be taken," said Uttar Pradesh Police.Hyderabad's 20-year-old Neelakanta Bhanu Prakash has won 'fastest human calculator' title after winning the gold medal in Mental Calculation World Championship at Mind Sports Olympiad in London. In 2005, he suffered an accident that left him bed-ridden for a year, when he began solving math problems. He's now a graduate with a degree in Maths from Delhi's St Stephen's College.A team of auditors in Pune have saved ₹44 lakh of COVID-19 patients by looking into complaints over inflated bills. The cumulative total of the bills checked was ₹2.15 crore and the auditors found inflation of ₹30.94 lakh. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, 31 bills were checked which had cumulative inflation of ₹12 lakh out of the total bill of ₹91.83 lakh.Delhi Deputy CM and Education Minister Manish Sisodia has said that conducting NEET (UG) and JEE (Main), which are scheduled to be held in September, would be risking to expose 28 lakh students to COVID-19. He said, "[H]ow can we take the risk of sending 28 lakh students to exam centre and be assured that they will not be infected?" Maharashtra-based pharmaceutical company FDC has launched two variants of COVID-19 Favipiravir in India called 'PiFLU' and 'Favenza' at ₹55 per tablet. They will be used to treat mild to moderate cases of COVID-19. The cheapest version of Favipiravir is being sold by Sun Pharmaceuticals in India under the name 'FluGuard' at ₹35 per tablet.While playing for Ajax in a preseason warm-up match against Hertha Berlin, former Manchester United player Daley Blind collapsed after his implanted heart defibrillator went off. Blind sat down when the device went off but was able to walk off the pitch to be substituted in the 79th minute. Blind was diagnosed with heart muscle inflammation in December last year.Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk on Wednesday confirmed that his technology startup Neuralink will show a 'working device' during a live webcast later this week. Neuralink describes itself as a tech company developing ultra-high bandwidth brain-machine interfaces to connect humans and computers. "Will show neurons firing in real-time on August 28th," Musk had said in an earlier tweet.
Delhi has become the first state or Union Territory in India to cross 90% coronavirus recovery rate. Out of the total 1,64,071 coronavirus cases in the national capital, 1,47,743 patients have recovered. Further, out of 11,998 active cases, 4,505 patients are admitted to hospitals. Delhi has reported 4,330 coronavirus deaths so far.At least 150 birds and animals were rescued by activist Sonya Ghosh with the help of volunteers and south civic body staff from a public park in Delhi's Vasant Vihar where an illegal zoo was set up. The place had a turkey, emus, hens, geese, ducks, rabbits, guinea pigs and Persian cats. Ghosh said they were kept in small cages.Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Wednesday announced financial assistance of ₹8.95 lakh to the family of the victims who lost their lives after a building collapsed in Dewas district. Two persons have died in the collapse, an NDRF officer said on Wednesday. At least nine people were rescued from under the debris.The Uttarakhand government has decided to use helicopters to carry coronavirus samples to testing laboratories if roads are blocked for 3-4 days due to landslides. Helicopters for this purpose will be provided when the district magistrate concerned will communicate the requirement. The helicopters will fly from Dehradun to pick up the samples. NDRF workers rescued a 60-year-old woman stuck under the debris of a collapsed residential building in Maharashtra's Mahad on Tuesday evening 26 hours after the incident. Workers also rescued a four-year-old boy 19 hours after the building collapsed after his cries were heard beneath the ruins of the five-storey building. At least 16 people died after the collapse.US President Donald Trump presided over a rare naturalisation ceremony at the White House where five immigrants, including a software engineer from India, were conferred US citizenship. The other immigrants conferred US citizenship were from Bolivia, Lebanon, Sudan and Ghana. "Sudha Sundari Narayanan...and her husband are raising 2 beautiful, wonderful children...Fantastic job," Trump said.A woman in Hyderabad hit a watchman working at an apartment complex with slippers after he stopped her, police said. In a video that surfaced online, the woman is seen stepping out of her car and then going on to beat up the watchman and kick him. He reportedly told her that vehicles would not be allowed inside without permission.East Coast Railways on Tuesday introduced the rail bicycle which will help its staff in daily inspection, monitoring and track repair. The vehicle is reportedly made out of discarded bicycles and railway junks and can be dismantled and assembled by one person. The bicycles weigh 30 kg and can run on railway tracks at an average speed of 10 km/h.Former President Pranab Mukherjee continues to be in deep coma and "his renal parameters are slightly deranged since yesterday," the Army Research and Referral hospital in Delhi stated on Wednesday. The hospital said that the former president is being treated for lung infection, and added, "He continues to be... on ventilator support."North Korean state media on Tuesday released new pictures of its leader Kim Jong-un attending an enlarged meeting of the politburo of the Workers Party. Kim called for prevention efforts against the coronavirus and a typhoon in the meeting. His appearance comes after Chang Song-min, former aide to the late South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, claimed Kim was in coma.The Supreme Court has asked Centre to clarify its stand on waiver of interest on term loans during the moratorium. "This happened because you locked down the entire country," the court said, criticising the government for "hiding behind the RBI". "You cannot look into business (of banks) alone, but the plight of people should also be looked into," it added.French-Polish director Roman Polanski, who was convicted of statutory rape of a 13-year-old in 1977, has been denied restoration of his Academy membership. A Los Angeles Superior Court Judge ruled that the Academy had a right to expel Polanski. "Roman's membership...is pretty worthless and we would not waste legal fees for an appeal for no real purpose," Polanski's lawyer said.Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has said that COVID-19 testing rates "will be doubled in the coming days" after the national capital witnessed a "marginal increase" in COVID-19 cases. "Recovery rate is more than 90% in the national capital. We are fully prepared," he added. Delhi has a total of 14,130 COVID-19 beds, of which 10,448 are vacant, Kejriwal said further. Senator Flavio Bolsonaro, the eldest son of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, on Tuesday said that he has tested positive for coronavirus. The senator is "feeling fine", isolating at home and taking the anti-malarial drug hydroxychloroquine, his office said in a statement. After President Bolsonaro, Flavio is the fourth member of the presidential family to test positive for COVID-19.Researchers from Harvard's Wyss Institute and Sony have developed an origami-inspired miniature remote center of motion manipulator (mini-RCM), about the size of a tennis ball. The mini-RCM is controlled by three linear actuators that allow smooth movement across dimensions and help correct hand tremors while operating. Tests found it to be 68% more accurate than a hand-controlled tool.The government has extended the deadline for inviting bids for the sale of Air India to October 30. This is the fourth extension given by the government, since the process began on January 27. The extension has been given due to "request received from the interested bidders in view of the prevailing situation arising out of COVID-19".The average monthly income per workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) doubled to ₹1,000 between April-June compared with ₹509 in the same period in 2019, CRISIL said in a report. "These four months saw 46% growth in person-days, and a 12% increase in average wage against 2019," remarked CRISIL. The total number of coronavirus cases in India has increased to 32,34,474 after a one-day spike of 67,151 cases. The number of patients who have been discharged so far has reached 24,67,758 after 63,173 recoveries in the last 24 hours. The death toll in the country has surged to 59,449 and 7,07,267 cases are currently active.   Former Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi took to Twitter on Wednesday to share that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "I have been tested COVID-19 positive yesterday. People who came in contact with me during last few days they should go for COVID-19 test immediately," he wrote. Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma wrote, "I wish him speedy recovery."Nine people were rescued by the NDRF and two bodies were recovered after a two-storey building collapsed in Madhya Pradesh's Dewas on Tuesday, an official stated. Those who were rescued were taken to a hospital where they are currently undergoing treatment, the official added. Meanwhile, the rescue operation has concluded. Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC) has issued a show-cause notice to Mumbai's Cooper Hospital over providing access to Rhea Chakraborty to the mortuary where late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's post-mortem was conducted. "We don't know how and under what circumstances the permission to visit the mortuary was given. It should not have been so," MSHRC chief MA Sayeed said.Actress Kubbra Sait has criticised a Twitter user who wrote that Rhea Chakraborty's father is using Rhea as a "sex bait to trap rich men". "Imagine the day you wake up...and...realise the bile you've spewed, won't allow you to look at yourself in...mirror," wrote Kubbra. "That'd be a horrible day. Be responsible, or don't use social media," she added. Late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's family lawyer Vikas Singh has claimed that the actor was drugged "unknowingly which ultimately led to his death". This comes after Times Now accessed WhatsApp messages of Rhea Chakraborty wherein, a person on November 25, 2019, told her, "Use 4 drops in tea...and let him sip it...give it 30-40 minutes to kick in."Uttar Pradesh Panchayati Raj Minister Bhupendra Singh Chaudhary on Wednesday said he has tested positive for coronavirus. Chaudhary added that he has decided to admit himself in a hospital as per the advice of his doctors. He also urged everyone who came in contact with him in the last few days to get checked for coronavirus and isolate themselves.Punjab's Industries and Commerce Minister Sunder Sham Arora was among 1,293 patients who tested COVID-19 positive on Tuesday. Congress MLA from Rajpura, Hardial Kamboj and Akali MLA from Sanaur, Harinderpal Singh Chandumajra, also tested COVID-19 positive. As many as 49 more deaths were reported in Punjab on Tuesday, taking the total count of COVID-19 deaths in the state to 1,178.Ex-Team India all-rounder Yuvraj Singh took to Instagram to congratulate James Anderson on becoming the first-ever fast bowler to take 600 Test wickets. He wrote, "Never thought I’d see in my lifetime a fast bowler take 600 Test wickets!" Yuvraj added, "It’s not just the quantity...but the quality with which he has bowled in all different parts of the world."Iqbal Singh, a former Asian Championship bronze medalist for India, has been charged with murder in US after admitting to killing his wife and mother. "I killed both of them. I killed your mother and grandmother. Call police...to come get me," he told his son over phone as per investigators. Iqbal had migrated to US more than two decades back.Addressing reporters on Tuesday, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, "Only Gandhi Parivaar is the Aadhaar card of Congress." Raut added, "The demand for a non-Gandhi leading the party isn't appropriate. I don't see a leader outside the Gandhi family who can lead the party." He added that Congress can be led by Rahul Gandhi.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a Yellow Alert for Delhi and predicted that the national capital will witness moderate to intense rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms for the next three days, starting Wednesday. The rain is likely to flood low-lying areas in the national capital and disrupt traffic movement, the IMD has warned.Thirty-year-old Kerala nurse Nimishapriya, sentenced to death last week in Yemen for murdering Yemeni man Talal Abdo Mahdi who posed as her husband, said he physically tortured her. Nimishapriya said she sedated him in July 2017 to retrieve her passport and she didn't mean to kill him. Talal's family asked for ₹70 lakh as blood money to pardon her.A Russian woman who stayed in a Ganesh pandal for 17 days after being found in a dishevelled state on a road in Mumbai has left for her hometown. Prashant Maurya, the pandal's director, said, "She became really friendly with those at the pandal who would wish her 'good morning', 'good evening'." She was gifted a shawl on her farewell. Andhra Pradesh CM YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has announced that house sites worth ₹22,000 crore will be registered in the name of 30 lakh women belonging to weaker sections. Reddy directed officials to complete the process related to layouts, markings and lottery to select beneficiaries. He asked to focus on layouts which are not done properly and plant saplings there.At least six people died and several were left injured after two Uttar Pradesh Roadways buses collided on the Lucknow-Hardoi road on Wednesday. CM Yogi Adityanath expressed grief over the incident and ordered proper treatment of the injured. The UP Roadways has ordered a three-member committee to conduct an inquiry into the accident and submit a report within 24 hours.Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Wednesday announced financial assistance of ₹1 crore for the family of soldier Manish Carpenter who was martyred in a terrorist attack in J&K's Baramulla. Chouhan said one of the family members will also be given a government job. Sepoy Manish who had sustained burn injuries in the attack later succumbed to his injuries.Two people living in a five-storey building that collapsed in Maharashtra had asked their fellow residents to vacate the building when it started shaking. A resident said, "Irfan bhai...asked us to leave. Many people...owe their life to him." Another man named Aawez Chichkar asked people to leave when his refrigerator fell and he realised the building was about to collapse.A woman slapped and kicked a watchman and thrashed him with her footwear following an argument in Hyderabad on Monday. According to reports, the watchman had told the woman that he did not know if her mother was home. Meanwhile, the police stated that they have received a complaint from the watchman and will file a case following court permission.The attorney of Jacob Blake, who was shot by police in Wisconsin, US, said he's undergoing surgery and "it's going to take a miracle for him to ever walk again." His father earlier said that Jacob, who was shot in the back, has "eight holes in his body". "My son...is a human being and he matters," Jacob's father had stated.The share of ₹500 notes in the total value of the currency in circulation has risen sharply in year from 51% to 60.8% at the end of March 2020. Now, ₹2,000 notes constitute only 22.6% of the total value, as against 31.2% at the end of 2018-19. The RBI did not print even a single ₹2,000 note in 2019-20.Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said that GST Council will consider lowering the tax rate on two-wheelers as they are neither luxury nor sin goods. Responding to a question about the need for lowering GST on two-wheelers at an industry interaction, Sitharaman said it was "indeed a good suggestion". GST rate on two-wheelers currently stands at 28%.Japan is facing a shortage of 16-digit credit card numbers amid a surge in online shopping during COVID-19 and a government campaign to promote cashless payments. The first six digits indicate the country, brand and other details, while the last 10 are determined by the issuer. Credit card companies have warned of a shortage of combinations from the seventh-digit onwards.Fashion designer Masaba Gupta said that she always wanted to act but knew that only a certain kind of face sells. "A certain kind of an actor gets a certain role...a certain kind lands a bigger role," she added. "I never said openly that I want to act. I was busy with fashion...that's my first baby always," Masaba further said.Telangana Health Minister Eatala Rajender on Wednesday tweeted that the state reported 3,018 new COVID-19 cases as on Tuesday 8 pm, taking the tally so far to 1,11,688. The areas under Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) reported 475 COVID-19 cases on Tuesday, followed by Rangareddy at 247. Rajender added that Telangana has 25,685 active COVID-19 cases.Online merchandise and phone-cover retailer Bewakoof has raised ₹8 crore in a bridge funding round. The company has raised ₹5 crore from Aarti Corporate Services whereas the balance has been funded by Pranak Consultants along with Pratithi Investment Trust and IndigoEdge Management. The Mumbai-based direct-to-consumer platform was launched in 2012 by Prabhkiran Singh and Siddharth Munot. After months of quarantine, Adda52 introduced Malaika Arora who hosted an online poker party for her friends on the platform. Adda52 said that, following her lead, many people signed up for free and claimed ₹500 bonus. "The excitement of playing with real players and the thrill of winning real money are the best facets of playing at Adda52", Malaika added.Times Now has accessed WhatsApp messages sent from Rhea Chakraborty's phone to an alleged drug dealer wherein she said, "[Tried] MDMA once...You have MD?" Another chat dated November 25, 2019 shows a person telling Rhea, "Use 4 drops in tea...and let him sip it...Give it 30-40 minutes to kick in." Rhea's lawyer responded by saying that she never consumed drugs.A woman who put her message in a bottle in the water 35 years ago was reunited with it after a kayaker discovered it floating in a river in Delaware, US. A curator helped the two get in touch. "It didn't travel very far, but perhaps it travelled the world and came back," Cathi Riddle, the author, said.Kerala Minister Kadakampally Surendran on Tuesday said COVID-19 situation in Thiruvananthapuram might escalate in the next three weeks. "Currently, 95% of cases are infections through local transmission and the district will now be divided into five zones for better coordination," the Minister said. "Each ward will form groups to manage the situation and prevent COVID-19 spread," he added.ICMR Director-General Balram Bhargava has said there is no need to be "alarmed immensely" over the reinfection case of COVID-19 reported in Hong Kong. Stating that this case is a "stray example", Bhargava said, "It can depend on several factors, one can be related to the patient itself, how is his immunity, how was his immune status, was it compromised."The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has reprimanded ex-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq for praising MS Dhoni in a video posted on his YouTube channel. The PCB has reportedly told Saqlain to not post videos on YouTube saying that he's still a board employee. Saqlain had said BCCI didn't treat Dhoni the right way, adding he should have retired while playing for India.Six-time Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi has told Barcelona he wants to leave the club. The club confirmed to The Associated Press on Tuesday that the Argentina forward sent a document expressing his desire to leave. The announcement comes 11 days after Barcelona's 2-8 loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals.One constable died and three others were injured on Monday after a roof portion of a "dilapidated" barrack at the Reserve Police Lines in Kanpur collapsed. The injured were taken to hospital and were stable. IPS officer Amitabh Thakur said the building was unsafe but despite complaints, no one responded and he also demanded ₹1 crore for the deceased's family.The Central Industrial Security Force on Tuesday took over the security of the world's tallest statue, the 'Statue of Unity', in Gujarat's Kevadia. The CISF took over the security with an initial strength of 272 personnel against the total sanctioned strength of 352 personnel. With a height of 182 metres, the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel is the world's tallest.
Pakistani Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorists who carried out the February 2019 Pulwama attack had wanted the strike to trigger a war between India and Pakistan, an NIA officer has said. The terrorists believed that a war would throw the anti-infiltration grid of Indian forces out of gear and make it easy to push more terrorists into India. The Special Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday arrested JNU PhD scholar Sharjeel Imam in connection with northeast Delhi riots in February, under the stringent Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). He was brought back to Delhi from Assam on Sunday on a production warrant. In the chargesheet filed by Delhi Police in April, Imam was charged with sedition.A 32-year-old woman who was bound in iron chains, tortured and held captive by her husband for several months in Delhi's Trilokpuri was rescued on Tuesday by Delhi Commission for Women (DCW). The woman was made to lie in her own excreta. She was tortured and beaten so brutally that it took a toll on her mental health, DCW said.The National Investigation Agency, in its chargesheet in the February 2019 Pulwama terror attack case, said one of the accused ordered 4 kg of aluminium powder on Amazon to help his accomplices make explosives used in the attack. RDX was brought by the Pakistani terrorists who infiltrated into India. NIA charged 19 people, including 7 Pakistani nationals, over the attack.ICICI Bank has become India's first lender to use satellite images of farmland to assess the creditworthiness of farmers. ICICI is using pictures taken from space to analyse over 40 parameters related to land, irrigation and crop patterns. It said the move cuts travel costs and reduces the time taken to grant loans from 15 days to a "few" days.The RBI disposed of 17.68 crore pieces of 'soiled' ₹2,000 notes in 2019-20 compared to just 6 lakh notes the previous year. While no new ₹2,000 notes were printed, over half of 2,239 crore currency notes printed in 2019-20 were of ₹500 denomination. The share of ₹500 notes in the total value of currency in circulation reached a record 60.8%.Actor Sonu Sood on Tuesday requested the government to postpone the NEET and JEE exams amid COVID-19 pandemic. "In the given COVID-19 situation, we should care utmost and not risk the lives of students," he tweeted. In another tweet, Sonu wrote, "The children who appear for the examinations come from remote areas...examinations should be postponed for some time."Authorities in Gaza imposed a lockdown on Tuesday after detecting the first four locally transmitted cases of coronavirus in the territory. A government spokesman said that the four coronavirus cases were confirmed in a single family in a refugee camp. Gaza's Health Ministry said that there have been 110 cases of the coronavirus inside border quarantine facilities so far.India on Tuesday handed over medical aid containing 70 boxes of PPE kits to Lebanon to help the country fight the coronavirus pandemic. This is the second tranche of assistance given by India to Lebanon in the aftermath of explosions in its capital Beirut on August 4. Earlier, India delivered 58 MT of medical, food and relief supplies to Lebanon. England won the three-Test series 1-0 against Pakistan after the third Test in Southampton ended in a draw. It's England's first Test series win against Pakistan at home since their 3-1 win in 2010. The match saw James Anderson becoming the first fast bowler in history to take 600 Test wickets and Zak Crawley slamming his maiden double ton. Electric vehicles and mobility tech startup EVage has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Ola Electric Co-Founder and Senior Advisor Anand Shah. BryAir Director Varun Pahwa and DMI Group partner Anmol Nayyar also participated in the funding. EVage is set to launch their first electric delivery van, which the startup claims is a completely 'Made in India' structure.Gurugram-based healthcare education startup Virohan has raised around ₹20.7 crore ($2.8 million) across its seed and Series A rounds. The seed round was led by Keiretsu Forum and Series A round saw participation from elea Foundation, the Singh Family Trusts and National Skill Development Corporation. The edtech startup trains students in healthcare-based technician and administrative roles.BJP leader and Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said he is not keen on contesting the state Assembly polls in 2021. "My role will be limited to contribute whatever I can for my party and [state]," he added. "Few people feel...I am after some post...my only ambition is to see a BJP government with 100+ seats," Sarma further said.During a meeting with the representatives of weekly market associations, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said that the weekly markets in Delhi will be developed as tourist destinations the way they are done in London and Hong Kong. "AAP government will develop a system for setting up weekly markets so that tourists from countries like the US visit them," Kejriwal added.Attacks across Afghanistan, including a suicide blast carried out by the Taliban, on Tuesday killed at least 17 people and injured nearly 50 others, officials said. "Most of the injured civilians are women and children," an official said. The suicide attack by the Taliban targeted a commando base for Afghan forces in the country's north, the official added.Adani Group is reportedly in talks to buy out GVK Group and minority partners in Mumbai Airport. GVK holds a 50.5% stake, Airports Company South Africa and Bidvest Group hold 10% and 13.5% each and the balance is held by Airports Authority of India. The deal will make Adani Group the largest private airport operator in India, according to reports.The RBI has commissioned a banknote survey to assess the demand for cash as well as denomination preferences so it can print notes that people prefer. The survey was launched in October last year, but was postponed due to the lockdown. It will also measure the awareness around various banknote security features and the level of satisfaction with current currency. Amid demands for postponing JEE (Main) and NEET (UG) examinations, Union Minister for Education Ramesh Pokhriyal on Tuesday said the Supreme Court order which dismissed a petition challenging the conduct of these exams in September must be respected. He said that the Supreme Court had said the academic future of students cannot be put under jeopardy for a long time.The National Testing Agency (NTA) has issued guidelines for students appearing for JEE (Main) and NEET exams. The students are asked to wear face masks and hand gloves, and bring their own water bottles and hand sanitiser to the exam centre. Candidates would be provided a fresh three-ply face mask at the centre and asked to discard the old one.Talking about Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni's captaincy, former fast bowler Ajit Agarkar said, "The major difference I see is that Dhoni used to depend a lot on the spin bowlers to make his strategies." He added, "Kohli, in a slight deviation, has shown more faith in fast bowlers which has made a lot of difference to results overseas."Sachin Tendulkar has provided financial help to Ashraf Chaudhary, the man who has fixed bats for cricketers like him and Virat Kohli. Ashraf was admitted to Mumbai hospital for past few weeks due to kidney stone and other ailments. "A major chunk of the finances has been donated by the legendary batsman," Ashraf's close friend Prashant Jethmalani said.Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma took to Instagram to share a video of himself working out with his wife Ritika and captioned it, "Stronger Together". Reacting to the video, Royal Challengers Bangalore leg-spinner Yuzvendra Chahal wrote, "Bhabhi open karne wale hai kya bhaiya aapke saath IPL mai (Is bhabhi going to open with you in the IPL, bhaiya)?"BCCI secretary Jay Shah informed the officials of BCCI’s state units through a written letter on Tuesday that the board can’t invite them "at least in the beginning" of IPL 2020 because of the strict bio-bubble in place in UAE. Shah also thanked the members for pulling through in these tough times.Eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt has tested positive for coronavirus, Jamaica's Minister of Health Christopher Tufton confirmed. "It triggers an approach to questioning, interrogation if you will, which we follow through with contact tracing," Tufton added. Bolt had recently organised a party on the occasion of his 34th birthday.Former Commonwealth Games champion Parupalli Kashyap on Tuesday questioned his omission from the ongoing national badminton camp in Hyderabad, saying that restricting it to just eight Olympic hopefuls is "illogical". The 33-year-old insisted he too has an outside chance of qualifying for the Tokyo Games but he has no way to pursue it as he can’t train at the camp.Uttarakhand BJP has revoked MLA Kunwar Pranav Singh Champion's suspension, 13 months after the action was taken against him when a video showing him dancing with guns in his hands surfaced online. The decision was taken by the party's core committee based on his "good conduct" and his repeated apologies to the party leadership, Uttarakhand BJP chief Bansidhar Bhagat said.Five persons have been booked on various charges including culpable homicide not amounting to murder over deaths of at least 11 persons due to the collapse of a five-storey building in Raigad district of Maharashtra. According to FIR, the builder along with the architect and RCC consultant, was responsible for constructing the building using inferior material and without proper attention.Jacob Blake, a black man who was shot by the police in US' Wisconsin state, has "eight holes" in his body and is paralysed from the waist down, his father said. Earlier, a video appeared to show officers shoot at Blake as he leaned into a vehicle in Kenosha city. The shooting sparked protests in the city over two nights.Abhishek Bachchan, who tested negative for coronavirus earlier this month, has said he's planning to get back to work. "I still have to complete 'The Big Bull' and 'Bob Biswas'. We plan to do so as soon as possible and permissible," he added. On being asked what he'd say to people who are suffering from coronavirus, Abhishek said, "Keep...positive mindset."Actor Rithvik Dhanjani, while reacting to reports that he tested positive for coronavirus and hid his results, said, "I didn't pay attention to...news but soon people started calling me about it." "I wasn't positive and why would I hide it? In fact, I've got tested three times...on my own, just out of paranoia," he added. "So...fake news...surprised me," Rithvik said. Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday summoned two Mumbai Police officers in connection with the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput. CBI has summoned Bhushan Belnekar, the investigating officer in the case, and sub-inspector Vaibhav Jagtap. As per NDTV, the two officers have been asked to bring some documents linked to the case. Actor Sanjay Kapoor, while sharing his experience of shooting web series 'The Gone Game' at home amid the coronavirus pandemic, said that it was a challenging experience. "Here, I've not met any of my co-actors...We only met over Zoom calls," he added. "We had to do everything on our own - from placing...camera to brightening the lights," Sanjay further said.A Swiss team claims to have made the world's first jump from a solar-powered plane that soared nearly 5,000 feet high over western Switzerland. Parachutist Raphael Domjan reached a speed of 150 kilometres per hour during his jump. The team aims to reach the stratosphere with an altitude of 20,000 metres in a flight powered exclusively by solar energy.Haryana government has allowed use of firecrackers on Diwali and Gurupurab from 8 pm till 10 pm and on Christmas and New Year's eve from 11:55 pm to 12:30 am. "For promoting community fire cracking, particular area/fields would be...pre-designated," read an official order. "The sale shall only be through licensed traders. No e-commerce websites shall accept any orders," it stated. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has announced a total ban on sale or use of all kinds of firecrackers in Delhi NCR from midnight today till November 30. Earlier, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal had said that it has been decided to ban firecrackers, adding, "Coronavirus cases have increased due to festival season and pollution."After actor-model Milind Soman was booked by Goa Police for running nude on a beach, actress Pooja Bedi defended him. "Absolutely nothing obscene about Milind's...pic. The obscenity lies in minds...of a viewer imagining more!" she tweeted. "His crime is being good looking...If nudity is a crime all Naga babas should be arrested. Smearing ash can't make it acceptable!" Pooja added. 
After news outlets announced results of US elections, a picture of actress Mallika Sherawat with Vice President-elect Kamala Harris from 2010 has gone viral. "With Kamala Harris, attorney general of San Francisco. I was inspired by her for my role in 'Politics of Love'," Mallika had written. In 2009, Mallika had tweeted, "Having fun at a fancy event with...Kamala Harris."

US President-elect Joe Biden's German Shepherd 'Major' will be the first dog from an animal rescue shelter to live in the White House. Biden has two German Shepherds. In October, Biden posted a video on Instagram and wrote, "You're also voting for Champ and Major. Let's put dogs back in the White House."Four members of a family have allegedly died by suicide in Andhra Pradesh's Kurnool district by coming under a train. A video has surfaced after their deaths, in which Sheik Abdul Salam claims he has nothing to do with the two theft cases in which the police have implicated him, and that he is unable to bear their torture anymore.Dr Sarala Gopalan, the Chennai-based maternal aunt of Kamala Harris, on Sunday said, "She has achieved what she wanted to do." Her aunt added, "We have always seen her (Kamala Harris) grow up as a good child. She was very good at whatever she did." Harris is America's first woman, first Black and first South Asian Vice President-elect.A woman in Kerala's Malappuram allegedly poisoned her minor children to death before ending her own life. The 35-year-old woman and her three children were found hanging in their residence on Sunday. It is suspected that the woman poisoned her children and hanged their bodies after they breathed their last. The woman's husband works as a tapping labourer. A couple in France discovered a tiny capsule containing a message dispatched by a Prussian soldier over 100 years ago using a carrier pigeon. The message from the soldier based at Ingersheim, written in German, appears to be dated 16 July 1910, or 1916. The message will become part of a museum's permanent display.Domestic equity benchmark indices BSE Sensex and Nifty opened at record highs, with Sensex surging over 600 points to as high as 42,534 and the Nifty50 index hitting 12,445. ICICI Bank, Infosys, HCL Tech, and Powergrid rose 2% each and all BSE companies were trading in the green. The Nifty Bank Index was also up 1.6%, gaining 450 points. Sanya Malhotra, who has starred in films like 'Pataakha' and 'Badhaai Ho', said, "I constantly remind myself that acting is an uncertain job. So planning won't work at all." Speaking about her work she said, "If people like it, it is a plus but if it is not working, it is not in my hands, so why take the pressure." As actors Bhumi Pednekar and Ayushmann Khurrana's film 'Bala' completed one year, Bhumi said she wants to leave behind a legacy of good cinema and added, "I want my films to be remembered even when...I am gone." Noting that good cinema comes with strong content, Bhumi said, "What people remember is how they were moved emotionally by the... film."
Commenting on Donald Trump's US elections loss, Sacha Baron Cohen tweeted, "Donald, you're out of work... I offered you a job. But your performance this past week was tragic... Offer rescinded." In October, after Trump criticized Cohen's film 'Borat 2', the actor had tweeted, "I'm always looking for people to play racist buffoons, and you'll need a job after Jan."After taking four wickets against SRH, DC's South African pacer Kagiso Rabada said winning the IPL is his priority while his personal records don't matter. "Primary is winning the tournament. If we win the tournament and I don't take any wickets...I don't mind that at all," Rabada said. DC qualified for their first IPL final on Sunday.DC all-rounder Marcus Stoinis said his team might have lost to MI earlier this season but if they play their best cricket, it should be good enough for their maiden IPL title. "It is important to stick to your strategy when these important games coming up," said Stoinis. DC will play their first IPL final against MI on Tuesday.As many as 857 new COVID-19 cases have been reported in Telangana, taking the state's tally to 2,51,188, state Minister for Health, Medical and Family Welfare Eatala Rajender tweeted. Areas within Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) limits accounted for 250 of the fresh cases, followed by Rangareddy at 88. Meanwhile, Telangana's total number of recovered patients has reached 2,30,568.After SRH captain David Warner confirmed on Sunday that Wriddhiman Saha has a hamstring tear, his participation in the Test series in Australia is doubtful. Though the nature of his injury is unknown, a Grade 2 tear could rule him out of the entire series. Meanwhile, a Grade 1 tear could see him recover in time for the first Test.Congress General Secretary Randeep Singh Surjewala has said Bihar will "break caste and religion barrier and give way for the rest of the country to follow". "BJP divided the country through fear, hatred and religion. Prices of farm produce and aspirations of the weaker sections have taken a backseat," he further said, adding RJD-Congress will do "what's important for Bihar".Babar Azam will reportedly replace Azhar Ali as the Test captain of Pakistan. According to the reports, Babar is the unanimous choice for Test captaincy and has even accepted the role. While the decision will be approved on Monday, a formal announcement is expected on November 11. After appointment, Babar's first assignment would be the Test series in New Zealand.Cyber intelligence firm CYFIRMA said in its report that hackers keen to breach India's firewalls originate primarily in China, Pakistan and North Korea. Hacker groups such as North Korea's Lazarus, China's Stone Panda and Pakistan's APT36 have been targeting Indian individuals and institutions to steal data, as per the report. It adds that several of these groups are state-sponsored.A report by Website Planet claims that Prestige Software, the company behind hotel reservation platforms for Hotels.com, Booking.com and Expedia, left data exposed for millions of guests. More than 10 million files dating back to 2013 includes names, reservation details and even credit card details. The report added that there's no confirmation on whether someone took the data. West Bengal BJP chief Dilip Ghosh said TMC party cadres "who're yet to mend their ways and are torturing common people should rectify themselves in next six months". "[Otherwise] their hands, legs and ribs will be broken and they'll have to go to hospital," he further said, adding "If they continue with their mischief, they'll have to go to crematorium."Delhi's Air Quality Index (AQI) continued to remain in 'severe' category on Monday. The AQI in Anand Vihar was 485 at 9 am, while the same in ITO and Mundka was 475 and 481, respectively. In Bawana, the AQI was recorded at 484, in Punjabi Bagh at 466 and in Wazirpur at 474, according to Central Pollution Control Board data.Japanese media company Uzabase has sold online news site Quartz to its Co-founder and editor-in-chief, two-and-a-half years after it bought the site from Atlantic Media for up to $110 million. Quartz Co-founder and CEO Zach Seward and editor-in-chief Katherine Bell will operate the publication as a private company. Quartz reported $11.2 million in losses in the first half of 2020.A man named Sandro from Germany's Finsterwalde has spent ₹5.8 lakh on 17 body modifications in last 13 years. The 39-year-old had both his ears removed and now keeps them in a jar. He also has had implants put in his forehead, forearm and the back of his hand. "It has strengthened my self-confidence above all," Sandro said about transformation.Rhea Chakraborty has shared a video showing her father being surrounded by media persons inside their building compound. "We've been trying to get out of...house to cooperate with...investigation authorities. There's a threat to [our] lives," she wrote. "We've informed...police, no help provided...In times [of COVID-19], basic law and order restrictions need to be provided," Rhea added.Rhea Chakraborty told India Today she got to know about Sushant Singh Rajput's reported bipolar disorder during their Europe trip in 2019. "When we were leaving...Sushant said he feels claustrophobic on flight. He took a medicine 'Modafinil'," she added. "He told me that in 2013, he had a depressive episode and met a psychiatrist, who prescribed him Modafinil," said Rhea.Sushant Singh Rajput's ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande tweeted a video of Sushant in which he can be seen in a flight simulator. "Is this #claustrophobia? You always wanted to fly...you did it...we all are proud of you," Ankita wrote. This comes after actress Rhea Chakraborty claimed that Sushant used to feel claustrophobic on flights and would take medicine for it.Team India captain Virat Kohli and his wife, actress Anushka Sharma took to social media on Thursday to announce that they are expecting their first child. "And then, we were three! Arriving Jan 2021," the couple wrote in the caption while sharing a photo that shows Anushka's baby bump. Virat and Anushka got married in December 2017.Actress Rhea Chakraborty, in her first interview since Sushant Singh Rajput's death, told India Today, "I wasn't living off Sushant's money, we were living like a couple." Adding that Sushant lived life "king size", Rhea added, "Some years ago, he went on an all-boys trip to Thailand. He took a private jet and spent ₹70 lakh on that trip."Minister of State (MoS) for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gurjar tweeted on Thursday that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "Everyone who has come in contact with me, please take this seriously and get your corona test done," Gurjar said. India recorded the highest single-day spike in COVID-19 cases with 75,760 cases in the last 24 hours.Over 150 academicians, including professors from Delhi University and JNU, wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday supporting the conduct of JEE and NEET examinations. They stated, "The dreams...of our youth...cannot be compromised at any cost. However, some are trying to play with the future of our students simply to propel their own political agenda and oppose the government." Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that his company has no plans of buying TikTok. During a podcast, Pichai was asked whether Google was buying TikTok. "We are not," he responded. This comes after US President Donald Trump issued an executive order on August 14 to ban TikTok unless its US operations are sold within 90 days by ByteDance.US electric-truck startup Nikola's Founder and Chairman Trevor Milton said he's giving the first 50 employees 6 million of his own shares worth $233 million after making a promise when he hired them. "I love our employees. They make Nikola great and are the key to our success," he said. The 37-year-old is currently worth $4.6 billion, according to Bloomberg.A garment store in Tamil Nadu's Tiruchirappalli has set up a saree-clad humanoid robot named Zafira at its entrance, amid the coronavirus pandemic. Zafira dispenses sanitiser, checks customers' temperature and ensures that they wear masks. The robot also keeps track of the number of customers entering the store and sends these details to the store owners daily. Anamika Mithilesh, the Mayor of BJP-led South Delhi Municipal Corporation, on Wednesday accused the Delhi government of slashing funds for the civic body and claimed that she has no option but to go to CM Arvind Kejriwal's house with a begging bowl. Presenting data on the funds, Mithilesh added that ₹1,100 crore is due in the current financial year itself.Amid demands for further postponement of JEE and NEET examinations by some political leaders, Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal said, "Every day, I get innumerable mails from the silent majority. The parents and students say...they don't want a zero academic year." Pokhriyal added, "It pains to see that education is becoming politicised." Maharashtra government approved the proposal to reduce stamp duty by 3% for September 1 to December 31, 2020 period and 2% for January 1 to March 31, 2021 period. "Many supplementary businesses...depended on the real estate sector. If the real estate sector survives...other sectors can also do better," Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat said. The government currently charges 6% stamp duty.Maharashtra PWD Minister Eknath Shinde on Wednesday stated that a foundation run by his family would take care of the two four-year-old children who lost their family members in the building collapse in Raigad district. One of the boys, Mohammad Bangi, was pulled out alive from under the rubble 18 hours after the five-storey building collapsed. Two illegal residential towers owned by gangster turned UP MLA Mukthar Ansari were demolished by the Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday in the presence of heavy police force. The Lucknow administration stated, "Expenses of demolition will be recovered from him (Ansari). FIR will be registered. Responsibility of officials under whom this illegal construction took place will be fixed." All religious places in Rajasthan that were closed for devotees due to COVID-19 pandemic will be re-opened from September 7, said state government on Wednesday. "All precautionary measures to ensure safety against the disease will have to be mandatorily followed," the government order reads. Currently, there are more than 14,000 active COVID-19 cases in Rajasthan.Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday said, "Professional examinations like NEET and JEE can be done online and I think the government should agree." "It has happened in the past and it's happening all over, why can't it happen here?" Singh said. The Congress has announced a nationwide protest against conducting NEET and JEE.Shares of Transglobe Foods, an Indian fruit-jam maker which made no sales in 2019-20, has surged over 4300% this year amid a market rally in penny stocks. Real-estate services firm Shree Precoated Steels, which also had zero revenues, has jumped over 1,300%. "It's time to book some profits, as retail money is chasing penny stocks like crazy," Equinomics Research said.A consumer forum fined a restaurant in Mumbai ₹2 lakh for charging ₹10 more than the MRP of ₹165 for an ice cream pack from then sub-inspector Bhaskar Jadhav in 2014. The restaurant claimed it incurred costs to store it, while the complainant said he bought it from the counter. It has also been told to pay ₹15,000 to Jadhav.Union Minister Hardeep Singh Puri stated that India crossed the milestone of more than 100,000 domestic passengers in a day on Wednesday. The Union Minister added that there were "more than 1,000 flights and more than 200,000 passenger footfalls at airports" on the day. Notably, flight movements have been restricted for several months due to the coronavirus pandemic.A group of 14 women at GMR Varalakshmi Foundation (GMRVF) Hyderabad centre, in the past four months, have made more than 30,000 masks and 6,000 PPE kits. They have also been able to generate some income for their families during the COVID-19 pandemic. "As an organisation, we are committed to our social responsibilities," an official said.IIT-Hyderabad's Centre for Healthcare Entrepreneurship startup USafe claims to have developed the world's most affordable respirator mask, US9. The US9 has filtration rates considered better than N95 standards. The mask, along with 10 complementary filters, costs about ₹499. The cost of a fresh N95 equivalent mask comes at about ₹13 per day, making it "an affordable innovation", said USafe.Congress announced that it will stage nationwide protests on Friday against the central government's decision to hold NEET and JEE amid COVID-19. "An ever insensitive and mindless central government is holding these exams despite the obvious risk it holds," Congress MP KC Venugopal said. Political leaders across party lines have urged the government to postpone the exams amid the pandemic.Paralympic athletes took to the catwalk in Japan's Tokyo on Tuesday for the Amputee Venus Show which was scheduled to be held in conjunction with the opening of Paralympic Games. "Thanks to the show it sank in that there is only one year left until the Paralympic Games," said Japan's Kaede Maegawa. The Paralympics will open on August 24, 2021.The government will divest up to 15% stake in state-owned defence and aerospace company Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to raise up to ₹5,020 crore. It currently holds 89.97% stake in HAL, after it sold 10% through an initial public offering (IPO) in 2018. A floor price of ₹1,001 per share has been set for the sale.OPPO's latest device F17 Pro will launch in a musical concert that'll be hosted by Rithvik Dhanjani and feature performances by Raftaar and Hardy Sandhu. Featuring 7.48mm ultra-thin design, OPPO said F17 Pro is the sleekest design of 2020 and will come with a 6 AI portrait camera set-up so you can #FlauntItYourWay.India's total coronavirus cases have increased to 33,10,234 after a record one-day spike of 75,760 cases. This is the first time that more than 75,000 cases have been recorded in 24 hours. Meanwhile, death toll in the country has surged to 60,472. Coronavirus recoveries have reached 25,23,771 and active cases stand at 7,25,991.Online learning platform, Springboard is offering its Data Analytics course in India. Built-in partnership with Microsoft, the company wants to transition aspiring analysts by pairing them with a top Data Analyst in India as their personal 1:1 mentor. Springboard said, it has roped 250+ mentors in India from various companies to make transition into Data Analytics for its learners.Citing media reports, Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Shweta Singh Kirti said, "On [June 8] when Rhea [Chakraborty] walked out of my brother's house, she sent...IT team to collect data from my brother's devices." "They collected eight hard disks...and when my brother stopped them, he got...threat call, as per statements recorded by CBI. The same night Disha [Salian] died," she added.According to WhatsApp chats accessed by Times Now, a WhatsApp message sent by Sushant Singh Rajput's house manager Samuel Miranda to Rhea Chakraborty earlier this year reads, "Can you give Dipesh ₹17,000 for 2 bags of weed?" A message sent by another person reads, "Getting green for 5k 1 bag" to which Rhea replied, "We...have hash...Don't get for now."Singer Katy Perry and her fiancé, actor Orlando Bloom have been blessed with their first child, a baby girl. Orlando shared a post by UNICEF that read, "Welcome to the world, Daisy Dove Bloom! We're honoured to introduce Goodwill Ambassadors Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom's new bundle of joy." "We're floating with love and wonder," Katy and Orlando told UNICEF.KK Singh, the father of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, on Thursday said that Rhea Chakraborty was giving poison to Sushant from a long time and she is his murderer. Singh demanded that investigators must arrest Rhea and her associates and ensure that they face punishment. The CBI is currently probing Sushant's death case.Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has become the world's first-ever person to amass a $200-billion fortune. The 56-year-old is worth $205 billion, nearly $89 billion more than the world's second-richest person, Bill Gates, who's currently worth $116.2 billion, according to Forbes. Bezos' net worth was around $115 billion on January 1.China's ByteDance-owned video sharing platform TikTok's CEO Kevin Mayer has resigned from the company after just three months. Mayer left his post as the streaming head of Disney to join TikTok on June 1. His resignation comes after India banned the app and US President Donald Trump on August 14 ordered ByteDance to sell TikTok's US operations within 90 days.Accusing party leaders and the civil and police administration of sheltering the spurious liquor smugglers behind the recent hooch tragedy, Tarn Taran district Congress president Manjit Singh Ghasitpur resigned from the party. Stating that he had tried to meet Punjab CM Amarinder Singh but could not get an appointment, Ghasitpur added, "Our party MLAs...are indulging in illegal liquor trade." BJP on Wednesday named party spokesperson Syed Zafar Islam as its candidate for the Rajya Sabha bypoll to a seat from Uttar Pradesh. The election has been necessitated after the demise of sitting member Amar Singh. The EC said in a press note that the election will be held between 9 am and 4 pm on September 11.China's Alibaba Group has put on hold plans to invest in Indian companies amid tension between the two nations, Reuters reported. Alibaba won't put fresh funds to expand its investments in India for at least six months, it added. Alibaba Group and its affiliates have invested over $2 billion in Indian companies since 2015 and participated in several funding rounds.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted heavy rainfall activity over several parts of north India in the next four days. Moreover, an orange alert has been issued for Uttarakhand for August 27 and 28, east Uttar Pradesh for August 28 and east Rajasthan for August 29 and August 30. IMD has also issued a yellow alert for eight states/UTs.Stating that the Centre must strengthen the military, Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh said, "Mark my words, any war with China will be a collusive one, with Pakistan as well." Discussing Chinese incursions in Ladakh, he added, "We are in a much, much better position...The Chinese are going to be very foolish if they think they can come on us."A Delhi court on Wednesday sent JNU PhD scholar Sharjeel Imam, arrested under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), to police custody for four days in connection with February Delhi riots. This comes after he was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday. Sharjeel was brought back to Delhi from Assam on Sunday on a production warrant.Railways Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday said that by December 2023, India will have 100% electrified rail network, and by 2030, Indian Railways' carbon emission will be zero. Carbon emission from Railways was 6.84 million tonnes in 2014, according to NITI Aayog data. We will be the world's first railway of this scale to be 100% electric, he added.Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik approved an assistance package of ₹200 crore to help poor families affected due to COVID-19. "Members of the Women Self Help Groups can revive their family enterprises through this package," the government stated. Loans up to ₹1 lakh for skilled and semi-skilled migrants, who have returned to the state, will be given under this package.Higher Education Secretary Amit Khare has said further postponement of NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) exams till after Diwali "means students risk losing the entire academic year." He added, "After Diwali, Chhatt festival will be celebrated...If we take a week after that to organise the exams, then we can only hold them in...December and results would be announced in 2021." A woman constable, deployed at Sidgora COVID-19 centre in Jharkhand's Jamshedpur, was allegedly raped by one of her colleagues during duty hours. According to the reports, the accused took her to the upper floor of the centre saying she may be vulnerable to coronavirus on the lower floor and raped her. The accused was arrested and sent to judicial custody.Russia has released a declassified video of the world's largest-ever nuclear explosion carried out on October 30, 1961 in the Russian Arctic Sea. The hydrogen bomb, known as Tsar Bomba (King of Bombs), had a yield of 50,000 kilotons. It was 3,333 times more powerful than the atomic bomb dropped on Japan's Hiroshima in 1945, reports said.The 29-year-old Australian terrorist who killed 51 Muslim worshippers at two mosques in New Zealand's Christchurch last year has been sentenced to life in prison without parole. This is the first time such a sentence has been handed down in the country. He admitted to 51 charges of murder, 40 attempted murders and one charge of committing a terrorist act.A 29-year-old Dutch author, Marieke Lucas Rijneveld, has become the youngest to win the International Booker, taking the award for their debut novel 'The Discomfort of Evening'. The £50,000 (₹49 lakh) prize will be split equally between Rijneveld and translator Michele Hutchison. The book was chosen from a shortlist of six books by a five-judge panel, chaired by Ted Hodgkinson.Online rummy gaming platform RummyBaazi has raised ₹14.9 crore ($2 million) in seed funding at a pre-money evaluation of roughly ₹104 crore ($14 million) from Udtara Ventures. RummyBaazi parent Baazi Games has also put in ₹7.4 crore ($1 million) to boost the platform's development and reach. Launched in 2019, RummyBaazi claims to have over 5,00,000 players on its platform.Delhi-based mobile gaming startup Gamezop has raised ₹32 crore ($4.3 million) in Series A funding led by e-sports investor BITKRAFT Ventures, with participation from Velo Partners and FJ Labs. The platform develops HTML5 games that can be embedded on mobile websites and run without downloading any apps. Gamezop was started by brothers Yashash Agarwal and Gaurav Agarwal in 2015.A 45-year-old stockbroker in Mumbai's Kandivali allegedly strangled his wife and then hanged himself, as he was upset over lack of work amid COVID-19 pandemic, police said. In a note, he apologised to his 17-year-old son for not leaving behind anything for him. The son found his mother lying on the bed and his father hanging, police added.The US has blacklisted 24 Chinese state-owned firms and imposed visa restrictions on individuals responsible for building artificial islands in the South China Sea (SCS) or restricting other countries from accessing their offshore resources there. The US said that China's actions since 2013 have "trampled" upon other countries' rights, caused environmental devastation and destabilised the SCS.A parliamentary panel, chaired by YSR Congress leader Vijayasai Reddy V, recommended regulated foreign direct investment (FDI) in the tobacco sector. The panel remarked that the move would stimulate the production and processing of Indian tobacco thereby boosting its export and helping farmers. Currently, FDI is prohibited in manufacturing of cigars, cigarettes and tobacco substitutes.After Attorney General of India KK Venugopal declined consent for initiating contempt proceedings against actress Swara Bhasker for her alleged "derogatory" statements against the Supreme Court over Ayodhya case verdict, Solicitor General Tushar Mehta also refused to entertain the request. SG Mehta said the request to him was "misconceived" after it was already declined by the Attorney General.Actress Kangana Ranaut has claimed that cocaine is the most popular drug in the film industry and it's used in almost all house parties. "In the beginning when you go to houses of high and mighty it's given for free," she said. Her claims came after Narcotics Control Bureau registered a case in late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's death probe.West Bengal government on Wednesday allowed certain relaxations on flight movement from six COVID-19 hotspot cities namely Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Pune, Nagpur and Ahmedabad to Kolkata. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said that flight services from these six cities can resume thrice a week from September 1. There would be complete lockdown in West Bengal on September 7, 11 and 12.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Juny Anand has revealed former India captain MS Dhoni used to play with a bat which was as heavy as the one Sachin Tendulkar used. He added, "Hardik Pandya...uses a slightly heavier bat [which is around] 1,220 grams, which is still not anywhere close to the weight Sachin or Dhoni were using," he added.SG (Sanspareils Greenlands) Managing Director Paras Anand has said it was a difficult task to cater to ex-India captain Rahul Dravid's bats. Paras added, "He's a perfectionist...If you are off by say five grams or off by maybe half a millimetre, he'd just find out." "That is expected because you know the kind of a professional he is," Paras said.West Indies and Trinbago Knight Riders all-rounder Dwayne Bravo has become the first-ever bowler to take 500 wickets in T20 cricket history, achieving the feat after dismissing St Lucia Zouks' Rahkeem Cornwall in a CPL match today. Bravo reached the milestone in his 458th T20 match. Sri Lankan pacer Lasith Malinga, with 390 wickets, is the second-highest T20 wicket-taker.Billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio would be coming up with a cable landing station in West Bengal that would increase the state's connectivity with European and Asian countries, CM Mamata Banerjee said on Wednesday. "They would invest more than ₹1,000 crore," the CM further said. Jio had bid to build the station and the state government has allotted them land.The CRPF on Wednesday arrested a man near Delhi's Parliament House after he was found roaming in a suspicious manner, police said. The man, who claims to be a resident of J&K's Budgam, had a piece of paper which had characters that appear to be some codes. Two IDs with different names were found from his backpack, the police added.Supreme Court has set aside the special leave petition filed by Andhra Pradesh government, refusing to grant stay on the High Court's status quo order on its two laws to form three capital cities. The court said it cannot interfere in the matter as it is already pending in the High Court and is coming up for hearing on Thursday.Passengers taking international flights from India need not apply to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and can directly book their tickets with the airlines, said an official statement on Wednesday. The government said that it has designated all the airlines operating under Vande Bharat Mission and air transport bubble arrangements as designated agencies for people to apply with necessary details.US First Lady Melania Trump referred to her stepdaughter Ivanka and her allies as "snakes", The Guardian reported quoting a new book by Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, a former friend of Melania. Ivanka sought to undermine Melania, including interference in the First Lady's attempts to appoint a new chief of staff, claimed the book which will be published on September 1.Talking about Sushant Singh Rajput, Nawazuddin Siddiqui said, "I met him on several occasions...and we really liked one another." "I could feel his positive vibes every time we met," he said, adding that the late actor liked to engage people in conversations. Nawazuddin further said Sushant was full of life and ideas, adding, "How could [he] be done with life?" 
Richa Chadha has said it is unlikely that she and Ali Fazal will get married this year because "the [coronavirus] pandemic is far from over". "We'd not like to endanger anyone due to our celebration. It's only wise to wait for...vaccine," she added. "In...second week of March itself, we had decided...we won't get married in these conditions," Richa further said.Actress Shivaleeka Oberoi, while sharing her experience of working in 'Khuda Haafiz', said, "It was an amazing experience working with everybody on set." "Nobody from our film has ever had a godfather. Everybody has...same passion and all of us came together to make this film," she added. Directed by Faruk Kabir, 'Khuda Haafiz' also starred Vidyut Jammwal and Annu Kapoor.Talking about discrimination against TV actors in Bollywood, actress Devoleena Bhattacharjee said, "During auditions or look test, we get to hear things like 'We don't want TV acting for this role'." "They remind you that you're coming from TV, and film world is something superior," she added. "It's high time Bollywood stops looking down upon TV actors," Devoleena further said.Shekhar Suman's son, actor Adhyayan Summan, has revealed that there was a time when he "sort of slipped into a mild depression". "Slipping into depression wasn't just due to...career, it was due to...personal life as well," he added. "A lot of negativity I got, not because of...professional but my personal relationship. It was very difficult...to fight that," Adhyayan said. Pune on Wednesday reported 1,617 new COVID-19 cases, taking its total to 87,317, the city's Mayor Murlidhar Mohol said. The death toll due to COVID-19 rose to 2,108 after 31 more fatalities were recorded in the city. Over 70,000 patients have recovered so far while 14,940 cases are active. Pune has conducted a total of over 4.2 lakh COVID-19 tests.BJP MP Nishikant Dubey has written to Congress MP and Chairman of Information Technology parliamentary panel, Shashi Tharoor, asking him to cancel the panel's September 1 meeting on 4G services in J&K. Dubey said the meeting's "agenda is in contravention of the rules of the House". The issue of 4G service resumption is pending before the Supreme Court, he added.The All India Online Vendors Association has filed an antitrust case against Amazon in India, alleging that the company engages in anti-competitive practices, a report said. The group also alleged that Amazon's wholesale arm buys goods in bulk from manufacturers and sells them at a loss to entities like Cloudtail, who then offer the goods on Amazon.in at big discounts.As many as 2,050 vehicle owners were issued challans across Gautam Buddha Nagar district on Wednesday for violating the curbs imposed due to COVID-19 pandemic, the police said. Over 20 vehicles were impounded during the same period, they added. A total of ₹1,83,800 was collected in fines during the action, the police further said.A 40-year-old man has been arrested for creating a fake Facebook page in the name of "Bengaluru City Police", the police said on Wednesday. The man is a resident of Malleswaram in Bengaluru and had created the page recently, according to the police. Earlier this month, an alleged derogatory post on Facebook sparked violence in Bengaluru leading to three deaths.Mumbai has received 1,044.8 mm rain between August 1 and 25, the highest August rainfall recorded in the city since 2010, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Mumbai received 2942.4 mm rainfall from June 1 to August 25, it added. The highest rainfall for August in Mumbai was recorded in 1958 at 1,254 mm, the data showed. Sri Lanka's newly appointed Foreign Secretary Admiral Jayanath Colombage has said the country "will always have an India-first approach" as far as strategic security is concerned. "As far as economic development is concerned, we cannot depend on one country," Colombage added. Talking about the Chinese investment in the Hambantota port, he said, Sri Lanka had first offered Hambantota to India.Telangana government on Wednesday said that it will hand over 85,000 'Dignity Houses' to the beneficiaries in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation area by December 2020. Minister for Municipal Administration and Urban Development KT Rama Rao claimed that no metro city in India has constructed such a large number of these houses under any program. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden "has been a total pushover for Communist China and someone who would be a giant relief for terrorists", US President Donald Trump's son Eric Trump said. Speaking at the Republican National Convention, Eric added that Biden, who has been in the government for 47 years, doesn't know the "slightest thing about the American worker".The World Economic Forum (WEF) on Wednesday said that the 2021 summit at Davos, Switzerland will be postponed from January to "early next summer" due to the coronavirus pandemic. "The advice from experts is that we cannot (host the event) safely in January," it added. The WEF further said that it will instead host virtual 'high-level' discussions in January.NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said that the five-year-old Unified Payments Interface (UPI) will overtake decades-old Visa and MasterCard as a preferred mode of payment over next three years. UPI with 1,800 crore transactions annually has surpassed Amex at 800 crore, Kant tweeted. The volume of UPI transactions rose to 1,252 crore in 2019-20 from 91.52 crore in 2017-18.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12. Current lockdown measures will remain in place in the state till September 20, she added. "We want Metro Rail services to be resumed by maintaining social distancing norms," she further said.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday announced that educational institutes will remain closed in the state till September 20. Further, the bi-weekly lockdown in the state will continue till September 17. Meanwhile, complete lockdown will be observed in the state on September 7, 11 and 12, CM Mamata further announced.Ahead of the Assembly session that is scheduled to begin on August 28, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday said that 23 Punjab MLAs have so far tested positive for COVID-19. "Everyone including the Chief Minister downwards, every MLA must have his COVID-19 test done," the chief minister added.The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has registered a case in Sushant Singh Rajput's death after Rhea Chakraborty's WhatsApp chat with an alleged drug dealer surfaced online. In the chat, Rhea had reportedly said, "[Tried] MDMA once...You have MD?" Earlier today, NCB Director General Rakesh Asthana said that ED had found that drugs were supplied to Rhea and Sushant.Supermodel Gigi Hadid took to Instagram on Wednesday to share the first pictures of her baby bump and wrote in the caption of one of the photos, "[Growing] an angel." "Cherishing this time. Appreciate all the love and well wishes," she wrote in another post. The 25-year-old is expecting her first child with singer Zayn Malik.Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said that NEET (UG) and JEE (Main) aspirants are worried about their health and future. He said, "They have genuine concerns of fear of COVID-19 infection, transport and lodging during pandemic, and flood-mayhem in Assam and Bihar." He added, "Government of India must listen to all stakeholders and find an acceptable solution."The UK's University of Cambridge confirmed plans to begin trials of a potential vaccine that can not only work against COVID-19 but all coronaviruses that may 'spill-over' from animals to humans. The 'DIOS-CoVax2' vaccine uses banks of genetic sequences of all known coronaviruses, including those from bats. The vaccine can be freeze-dried as powder and doesn't need to be cold-stored.
Distributing COVID-19 vaccine around the world fairly without letting the rich countries corner the limited doses is going to be a big challenge, WHO Chief Scientist Soumya Swaminathan said on Wednesday. "By early 2021, we should have some good news," she added. India is in a good position because many companies are working on vaccine development, she further said.Former Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has been trolled for calling England pacer James Anderson a "medium fast bowler" while congratulating him on taking 600 Test wickets. "Are you praising him or taunting him?" a fan tweeted. Another fan wrote, "Why include the word 'medium'? Backhanded compliment." Another tweet read, "A bit of grace won't hurt."England on Tuesday won their first Test series against Pakistan in 10 years after clinching the three-match home series 1-0. With this, England are placed third on the World Test Championship table with 292 points after 15 matches. Meanwhile, Pakistan are fifth with 166 points. India, who have won seven out of nine matches, top the table with 360 points.Mumbai-born leg-spinner Pravin Tambe has become the first-ever Indian cricketer to play in the Caribbean Premier League (CPL). The 48-year-old has been named in the playing XI of Trinbago Knight Riders in their match against St Lucia Zouks. Earlier, Tambe was disqualified from the 2020 edition as he had featured in T10 League in Sharjah in 2018.Indian women's hockey team captain Rani Rampal has revealed she couldn't stop herself from crying when she first got to know that she has been conferred with Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award. She added, ''I called my father first to give him the good news…Since I was crying on the call, he was worried if everything was OK with me."Pakistan batsman Asif Ali faces disciplinary action after he swatted his bat within centimetres of bowler Keemo Paul's face during a Caribbean Premier League match. Asif almost hit Keemo after the latter appeared to give him a verbal send-off. Asif was dismissed for three runs as his team Jamaica Tallawahs went on to win the match by five wickets.Team India batsman KL Rahul trolled himself while congratulating England pacer James Anderson on taking 600 wickets in Test cricket. "1 of the 600...Congratulations on the amazing feat," he wrote in the now-deleted tweet. He then posted a new tweet, sharing Anderson's pic with the caption GOAT. Anderson became the first fast bowler to take 600 Test wickets.Bengaluru-based edtech startup BYJU'S has raised a fourth funding tranche in its ongoing Series F round from Russian billionaire Yuri Milner's investment fund DST Global, Entrackr reported. BYJU'S was reportedly in talks with the Hong Kong-headquartered VC firm to raise around $400 million. Post allotment, DST will command a 1.2% stake in the edtech startup.
The Orissa High Court allowed a 24-year-old woman to live with her same-sex partner after the latter's family members reportedly tried to get her married to a boy. The court also directed police to provide security to the partner of the woman so that she could start living with her.  The couple has been in a consensual relationship since 2017.Akshay Oberoi, who starred in films like 'Pizza' and 'Gurgaon', has said, "People often say 'you haven't gotten your due', or 'you're not as big...as you should be'." "I feel there's...long way to go, so why get caught up in this now," he said, adding, "Many great actors only made it at...certain stage...I'll be ready for it when it comes."Jatin Rajguru, former secretary of actors like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Bipasha Basu and Suniel Shetty, passed away on Wednesday due to cancer. Bipasha took to Instagram to condole his death and wrote, "He was such a source of strength to me always...Jatin ji you will always be remembered fondly. Thank you." Meanwhile, Suniel Shetty tweeted, "RIP Jatin Garu...will miss you!" Spanish actor Antonio Banderas on Tuesday took to social media to reveal that he has recovered from coronavirus. "After 21 days of disciplinary confinement, I can say now that today I overcame the COVID-19 infection. I'm cured," he wrote. Earlier this month, Antonio had revealed that he's forced to celebrate his 60th birthday in quarantine as he's suffering from coronavirus.Actress Madhoo Shah, who starred in 1992 film 'Roja', has revealed that she was dropped from her debut film after shooting for four days. The actress further said she wasn't informed about the same, adding, "I came to know through...trade newspaper that I've been replaced." "The director and producer...didn't even tell me any reason...that was the biggest sorrow," Madhoo said.Rahul Mittra, Sanjay Dutt's friend and producer of his upcoming film 'Torbaaz', has denied the rumours that the 61-year-old actor, who has been diagnosed with lung cancer, is terminally ill. "This is utter rubbish," he said. "Sanju is undergoing preliminary treatment in Mumbai and results of certain tests have yet to come...Please stop speculating," Rahul added.The Forest Department has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to get clearance to construct at Hauz Rani city forest under its Phase IV extension. "The area comes under Forest Conservation Act, 1980," Deputy Conservator of Forests (South) Amit Anand said. Discussions are underway with DMRC for realignment of project to prevent construction activity at the forest, he added.A US spy plane on Wednesday flew near ongoing Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) drills in the South China Sea, a day after another plane entered an "exercise restricted zone," a Chinese think tank said. PLA is conducting drills in the waters off Hainan island, an official notice said. China had lodged "solemn representations" with the US over Tuesday's incident.It's premature to talk about "post-Abe" era as Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe still has over a year left in his term, Chief Cabinet Secretary and spokesman Yoshihide Suga said. Notably, the comment comes amid reports raising concerns over Abe's health after his two visits to the hospital recently. Reportedly, one of the visits lasted for over 7 hours. The Reserve Bank of India in its annual report noted that "government consumption is expected to continue pandemic-proofing of demand" and that "private consumption is expected to lead the recovery when it takes hold." The central bank added that regaining pre-COVID-19 momentum will take quite some time. It also suggested that a recapitalisation plan now for banks "assumes critical importance."Reliance Industries (RIL) has appointed former Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) Chairman Sanjiv Singh as Group President and Member of the oil-to-chemicals (O2C) business leadership team. He will be leading the group's manufacturing services, RIL Executive Director Hital R Meswani said. Singh, who was the Chairman of IOC for three years, superannuated from his services at the company on June 30.Karnataka Deputy CM and Higher Education Minister Dr Ashwathnarayan CN has announced that academic year for degree colleges will start from September 1 with online classes. Offline classes will begin in October. "Once the academic year begins, final year exams will be scheduled for all undergraduate, diploma and engineering students. Backlog exams will also be conducted accordingly," he tweeted.Actress Tamannaah Bhatia on Wednesday took to social media to inform that her parents have tested positive for coronavirus. "The rest of the family members, including myself and the staff have tested negative," she added. "The necessary authorities have been updated of their situation and we are complying with the precautionary guidelines," Tamannaah further wrote. As per Hindustan Times, Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) Director General Rakesh Asthana has said they received a letter from Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday evening. It stated that during their probe, they found drugs were supplied to Rhea Chakraborty and Sushant Singh Rajput, he added. "An NCB team will...conduct an inquiry and people involved will be questioned," said Asthana.Over 1,500 human bones were found during an excavation in Japan's Osaka at what is thought to be a burial site dating back some 160 years. Researchers discovered 350 small graves at the site dubbed the 'Umeda Tomb'. Experts believe multiple bodies were buried together due to deaths related to an epidemic disease, The Osaka City Cultural Properties Association said.Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to share a video of the Sun Temple in Modhera, Gujarat. "Modhera's iconic Sun Temple looks splendid on a rainy day! Have a look," PM Modi wrote while sharing the video. The temple complex was constructed under the patronage of Bhimdev I in 1027 AD, according to the official website of Gujarat tourism.Ambegaon ward has emerged as the new COVID-19 hotspot in Pune, with over 5% of new cases reported from the area in the last two weeks. The Lohiyanagar-Kasewadi ward has reported the slowest growth of the infection in recent days. The infection is also spreading more rapidly in the suburbs now, while it has slowed in the city's central parts.The Phase II clinical trial of the Oxford COVID-19 vaccine, being manufactured by Pune-based Serum Institute of India (SII), has begun. Two male volunteers, aged 32 and 48, were administered the vaccine at Bharati Vidyapeeth's Medical College and Hospital. Overall, 25 candidates will be given the vaccine in the next seven days.Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday said no deaths of COVID-19 patients who are under home isolation have been reported since July 14. He added, "The case fatality rate (CFR) has come down to 1.4% and continues to be among the best in the country." He said 1,693 new COVID-19 cases were reported in Delhi in the last 24 hours.England fast bowler James Anderson, who reached 600 Test wickets and 29 five-wicket hauls, has made it back to the top 10 bowlers in ICC Test rankings. Anderson jumped six places to the eighth spot. Meanwhile, Team India fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah dropped one place to be ranked ninth. Australia's Pat Cummins leads the rankings with 904 rating points.Global professional services company Accenture is firing around 25,000 employees globally that make 5% of the company's total workforce, The Australian Financial Review reported citing an internal global staff meeting. The 'performance-based' first round of cuts happened earlier this month and more are expected to follow. Around 10,000 employees in India are said to be affected by the move.US-based comedian Carter Hambley has been banned from dating app Tinder for alleged 'catfishing' after a woman reported his profile over his picture which had Baby Yoda photoshopped into it. The woman whom he matched with on Tinder mistook the photoshopped picture for an actual doll. "You're a liar and a sneak and I'm reporting you," she told Hambley.NASA has released an artist's impression which shows a potentially habitable planet orbiting the closest star to Earth. The double star Alpha Centauri AB also appears in the image. Proxima b is slightly bigger than the Earth and orbits in the habitable zone around Proxima Centauri, where the temperature is suitable for liquid water to exist on its surface.More than four lakh admit cards for medical entrance exam NEET were downloaded within three hours on Wednesday, as per PTI. The National Testing Agency (NTA) released the admit cards for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) at 12 pm on Wednesday. NEET is scheduled to take place on September 13.Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram opened for devotees from Wednesday. Darshan will be allowed from 8 am to 11 am in the morning and 5 pm to till the time of 'Deeparadhana' in the evening, the temple administration said. Devotees will have to register online one day prior to darshan and keep a copy of registration form while visiting.US President Trump on Tuesday pardoned Jon Ponder, a convicted bank robber-turned-activist, ahead of Ponder's appearance at the Republican National Convention. A three-time felon, Ponder went on to form a nonprofit organisation to assist prisoners seeking to reintegrate into the society. Ponder was granted clemency by the Nevada Pardons Board earlier this year.PNB scam accused Mehul Choksi moved the Delhi High Court against Netflix's documentary series 'Bad Boy Billionaires' seeking a preview before release. Choksi's petition said he fears his name may have been used in connection with his nephew Nirav Modi, and the series could be prejudicial to his case. Netflix said only two minutes in the series are on Choksi.Reacting to the chat between Rhea Chakraborty and a person allegedly about drugs, Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Shweta Singh Kirti tweeted, "This is a CRIMINAL [OFFENCE]." She added, "An immediate action should be taken by CBI on this. #RheaDrugsChat." Meanwhile, Rhea's lawyer said, "She has never consumed drugs in her lifetime. She's ready for a blood test any time."West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has urged all the opposition chief ministers to move the Supreme Court together to postpone the NEET, JEE exams in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. "The exams are in September. Why should the lives of students be put at risk? We have written to the PM, but there has been no response," she added.A second wave of the coronavirus pandemic could hit France in November, Professor Jean-François Delfraissy, who heads the scientific council that advises the French government on the pandemic, said on Wednesday. France has the seventh-highest death toll from coronavirus at 30,549, according to the Johns Hopkins University tracker. France has reported nearly 2.86 lakh coronavirus cases so far.Wang Xining, the deputy head of the Chinese Embassy in Australia, likened Australia's call for an independent investigation into the origins of coronavirus pandemic to betrayal for the benefit of the US.  The Australian call for an inquiry came when the US was "trying all out to blame China for their failure to control the spread" of coronavirus, he added.Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa on Wednesday inaugurated the Broadway Super-Speciality Hospital in Bengaluru's Shivajinagar which was converted into a COVID-19 dedicated facility. He also inspected the infrastructure at the hospital, which includes cardio and neuro-related treatment facilities. The hospital has equipment worth ₹10.25 crore which was funded by the Infosys Foundation.Google Arts and Culture app has added ancient creatures to its Arts and Culture catalogue, which allows users to explore the subject through augmented reality (AR). Google has collaborated with Moscow's State Darwin Museum and London's Natural History Museum to bring "prehistoric animals back to digital life". Ancient crustaceans and creatures will now be available on the app. Microsoft on Tuesday announced the launch of Transcribe in Word, its transcription service for Microsoft 365 subscribers. The software converts speech, which is either recorded directly in Word or from an uploaded audio file to a text transcript, with each speaker identified separately. The service then lets users edit the transcript directly through Word. US-based video-sharing app Triller has entered into a strategic partnership with Reliance Industries' music streaming platform JioSaavn. As part of the deal, JioSaavn will embed Triller videos into its app and also provide a button on the main screen that will enable users to create Triller videos. Triller said this was "first of many announcements" from the two companies.Early-stage venture capital (VC) firm Accel launched SeedToScale, a platform to provide entrepreneurs with training lessons and mentorship. "Our key aim with the program is to democratise what we have learned," said Abhinav Chaturvedi, Partner at Accel. SeedToScale is open to startups and entrepreneurs outside the firm's portfolio as well, Accel said.Two people were shot and killed during protests in US' Wisconsin state over the police shooting of an African-America man, Jacob Blake, the Kenosha Police Department said in a statement. The suspect, armed with a long gun, fled the scene, it added. One person, who was injured in the shooting, is being treated at a local hospital, it further said.Racial unrest is a "harsh reality" in the US and "we are not proud of parts of our history," US First Lady Melania Trump said in her address to the Republican National Convention. She urged people to learn from the past and "stop the violence and looting". Melania is the second First Lady who is born outside the US.Nguyen Van Chien, a 92-year-old man from the southern Mekong Delta region in Vietnam, has grown 5-metre-long hair after going without a haircut for 80 years. "I believe if I cut my hair I will die. I dare not to change anything, not even combing it," he said. Nguyen has also not washed or combed his hair in 80 years.TV and film actress Tripti Shankhdhar, in a series of Instagram stories, claimed her father tried to kill her. The 19-year-old added he wants to marry her off to a 28-year-old man and on her refusal to comply, pulled her by her hair and thrashed her. "Her father is in custody...Appropriate action will be taken," said Uttar Pradesh Police.Comedian Kevin Hart took to Instagram to share a screenshot of a news website using his picture for a report on eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt getting coronavirus. "I must [have] gotten really fast & tall overnight...I want to take advantage of this moment & race anybody in the world," he wrote. Kevin added it's "disrespectful on so many levels".A team of auditors in Pune have saved ₹44 lakh of COVID-19 patients by looking into complaints over inflated bills. The cumulative total of the bills checked was ₹2.15 crore and the auditors found inflation of ₹30.94 lakh. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, 31 bills were checked which had cumulative inflation of ₹12 lakh out of the total bill of ₹91.83 lakh.Maharashtra-based pharmaceutical company FDC has launched two variants of COVID-19 Favipiravir in India called 'PiFLU' and 'Favenza' at ₹55 per tablet. They will be used to treat mild to moderate cases of COVID-19. The cheapest version of Favipiravir is being sold by Sun Pharmaceuticals in India under the name 'FluGuard' at ₹35 per tablet.Hyderabad's 20-year-old Neelakanta Bhanu Prakash has won 'fastest human calculator' title after winning the gold medal in Mental Calculation World Championship at Mind Sports Olympiad in London. In 2005, he suffered an accident that left him bed-ridden for a year, when he began solving math problems. He's now a graduate with a degree in Maths from Delhi's St Stephen's College.Delhi Deputy CM and Education Minister Manish Sisodia has said that conducting NEET (UG) and JEE (Main), which are scheduled to be held in September, would be risking to expose 28 lakh students to COVID-19. He said, "[H]ow can we take the risk of sending 28 lakh students to exam centre and be assured that they will not be infected?" While playing for Ajax in a preseason warm-up match against Hertha Berlin, former Manchester United player Daley Blind collapsed after his implanted heart defibrillator went off. Blind sat down when the device went off but was able to walk off the pitch to be substituted in the 79th minute. Blind was diagnosed with heart muscle inflammation in December last year.Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk on Wednesday confirmed that his technology startup Neuralink will show a 'working device' during a live webcast later this week. Neuralink describes itself as a tech company developing ultra-high bandwidth brain-machine interfaces to connect humans and computers. "Will show neurons firing in real-time on August 28th," Musk had said in an earlier tweet.
East Coast Railways on Tuesday introduced the rail bicycle which will help its staff in daily inspection, monitoring and track repair. The vehicle is reportedly made out of discarded bicycles and railway junks and can be dismantled and assembled by one person. The bicycles weigh 30 kg and can run on railway tracks at an average speed of 10 km/h.Delhi has become the first state or Union Territory in India to cross 90% coronavirus recovery rate. Out of the total 1,64,071 coronavirus cases in the national capital, 1,47,743 patients have recovered. Further, out of 11,998 active cases, 4,505 patients are admitted to hospitals. Delhi has reported 4,330 coronavirus deaths so far.At least 150 birds and animals were rescued by activist Sonya Ghosh with the help of volunteers and south civic body staff from a public park in Delhi's Vasant Vihar where an illegal zoo was set up. The place had a turkey, emus, hens, geese, ducks, rabbits, guinea pigs and Persian cats. Ghosh said they were kept in small cages.Former President Pranab Mukherjee continues to be in deep coma and "his renal parameters are slightly deranged since yesterday," the Army Research and Referral hospital in Delhi stated on Wednesday. The hospital said that the former president is being treated for lung infection, and added, "He continues to be... on ventilator support."NDRF workers rescued a 60-year-old woman stuck under the debris of a collapsed residential building in Maharashtra's Mahad on Tuesday evening 26 hours after the incident. Workers also rescued a four-year-old boy 19 hours after the building collapsed after his cries were heard beneath the ruins of the five-storey building. At least 16 people died after the collapse.The Uttarakhand government has decided to use helicopters to carry coronavirus samples to testing laboratories if roads are blocked for 3-4 days due to landslides. Helicopters for this purpose will be provided when the district magistrate concerned will communicate the requirement. The helicopters will fly from Dehradun to pick up the samples. Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Wednesday announced financial assistance of ₹8.95 lakh to the family of the victims who lost their lives after a building collapsed in Dewas district. Two persons have died in the collapse, an NDRF officer said on Wednesday. At least nine people were rescued from under the debris.US President Donald Trump presided over a rare naturalisation ceremony at the White House where five immigrants, including a software engineer from India, were conferred US citizenship. The other immigrants conferred US citizenship were from Bolivia, Lebanon, Sudan and Ghana. "Sudha Sundari Narayanan...and her husband are raising 2 beautiful, wonderful children...Fantastic job," Trump said.A woman in Hyderabad hit a watchman working at an apartment complex with slippers after he stopped her, police said. In a video that surfaced online, the woman is seen stepping out of her car and then going on to beat up the watchman and kick him. He reportedly told her that vehicles would not be allowed inside without permission.North Korean state media on Tuesday released new pictures of its leader Kim Jong-un attending an enlarged meeting of the politburo of the Workers Party. Kim called for prevention efforts against the coronavirus and a typhoon in the meeting. His appearance comes after Chang Song-min, former aide to the late South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, claimed Kim was in coma.The Supreme Court has asked Centre to clarify its stand on waiver of interest on term loans during the moratorium. "This happened because you locked down the entire country," the court said, criticising the government for "hiding behind the RBI". "You cannot look into business (of banks) alone, but the plight of people should also be looked into," it added.French-Polish director Roman Polanski, who was convicted of statutory rape of a 13-year-old in 1977, has been denied restoration of his Academy membership. A Los Angeles Superior Court Judge ruled that the Academy had a right to expel Polanski. "Roman's membership...is pretty worthless and we would not waste legal fees for an appeal for no real purpose," Polanski's lawyer said.Senator Flavio Bolsonaro, the eldest son of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, on Tuesday said that he has tested positive for coronavirus. The senator is "feeling fine", isolating at home and taking the anti-malarial drug hydroxychloroquine, his office said in a statement. After President Bolsonaro, Flavio is the fourth member of the presidential family to test positive for COVID-19.Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has said that COVID-19 testing rates "will be doubled in the coming days" after the national capital witnessed a "marginal increase" in COVID-19 cases. "Recovery rate is more than 90% in the national capital. We are fully prepared," he added. Delhi has a total of 14,130 COVID-19 beds, of which 10,448 are vacant, Kejriwal said further. Researchers from Harvard's Wyss Institute and Sony have developed an origami-inspired miniature remote center of motion manipulator (mini-RCM), about the size of a tennis ball. The mini-RCM is controlled by three linear actuators that allow smooth movement across dimensions and help correct hand tremors while operating. Tests found it to be 68% more accurate than a hand-controlled tool.The government has extended the deadline for inviting bids for the sale of Air India to October 30. This is the fourth extension given by the government, since the process began on January 27. The extension has been given due to "request received from the interested bidders in view of the prevailing situation arising out of COVID-19".The average monthly income per workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) doubled to ₹1,000 between April-June compared with ₹509 in the same period in 2019, CRISIL said in a report. "These four months saw 46% growth in person-days, and a 12% increase in average wage against 2019," remarked CRISIL. The total number of coronavirus cases in India has increased to 32,34,474 after a one-day spike of 67,151 cases. The number of patients who have been discharged so far has reached 24,67,758 after 63,173 recoveries in the last 24 hours. The death toll in the country has surged to 59,449 and 7,07,267 cases are currently active.   Former Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi took to Twitter on Wednesday to share that he has tested positive for coronavirus. "I have been tested COVID-19 positive yesterday. People who came in contact with me during last few days they should go for COVID-19 test immediately," he wrote. Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma wrote, "I wish him speedy recovery."Nine people were rescued by the NDRF and two bodies were recovered after a two-storey building collapsed in Madhya Pradesh's Dewas on Tuesday, an official stated. Those who were rescued were taken to a hospital where they are currently undergoing treatment, the official added. Meanwhile, the rescue operation has concluded. Actress Kubbra Sait has criticised a Twitter user who wrote that Rhea Chakraborty's father is using Rhea as a "sex bait to trap rich men". "Imagine the day you wake up...and...realise the bile you've spewed, won't allow you to look at yourself in...mirror," wrote Kubbra. "That'd be a horrible day. Be responsible, or don't use social media," she added. Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC) has issued a show-cause notice to Mumbai's Cooper Hospital over providing access to Rhea Chakraborty to the mortuary where late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's post-mortem was conducted. "We don't know how and under what circumstances the permission to visit the mortuary was given. It should not have been so," MSHRC chief MA Sayeed said.Late actor Sushant Singh Rajput's family lawyer Vikas Singh has claimed that the actor was drugged "unknowingly which ultimately led to his death". This comes after Times Now accessed WhatsApp messages of Rhea Chakraborty wherein, a person on November 25, 2019, told her, "Use 4 drops in tea...and let him sip it...give it 30-40 minutes to kick in."Punjab's Industries and Commerce Minister Sunder Sham Arora was among 1,293 patients who tested COVID-19 positive on Tuesday. Congress MLA from Rajpura, Hardial Kamboj and Akali MLA from Sanaur, Harinderpal Singh Chandumajra, also tested COVID-19 positive. As many as 49 more deaths were reported in Punjab on Tuesday, taking the total count of COVID-19 deaths in the state to 1,178.Uttar Pradesh Panchayati Raj Minister Bhupendra Singh Chaudhary on Wednesday said he has tested positive for coronavirus. Chaudhary added that he has decided to admit himself in a hospital as per the advice of his doctors. He also urged everyone who came in contact with him in the last few days to get checked for coronavirus and isolate themselves.Iqbal Singh, a former Asian Championship bronze medalist for India, has been charged with murder in US after admitting to killing his wife and mother. "I killed both of them. I killed your mother and grandmother. Call police...to come get me," he told his son over phone as per investigators. Iqbal had migrated to US more than two decades back.Ex-Team India all-rounder Yuvraj Singh took to Instagram to congratulate James Anderson on becoming the first-ever fast bowler to take 600 Test wickets. He wrote, "Never thought I’d see in my lifetime a fast bowler take 600 Test wickets!" Yuvraj added, "It’s not just the quantity...but the quality with which he has bowled in all different parts of the world."Addressing reporters on Tuesday, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, "Only Gandhi Parivaar is the Aadhaar card of Congress." Raut added, "The demand for a non-Gandhi leading the party isn't appropriate. I don't see a leader outside the Gandhi family who can lead the party." He added that Congress can be led by Rahul Gandhi.Two people living in a five-storey building that collapsed in Maharashtra had asked their fellow residents to vacate the building when it started shaking. A resident said, "Irfan bhai...asked us to leave. Many people...owe their life to him." Another man named Aawez Chichkar asked people to leave when his refrigerator fell and he realised the building was about to collapse.Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Wednesday announced financial assistance of ₹1 crore for the family of soldier Manish Carpenter who was martyred in a terrorist attack in J&K's Baramulla. Chouhan said one of the family members will also be given a government job. Sepoy Manish who had sustained burn injuries in the attack later succumbed to his injuries.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a Yellow Alert for Delhi and predicted that the national capital will witness moderate to intense rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms for the next three days, starting Wednesday. The rain is likely to flood low-lying areas in the national capital and disrupt traffic movement, the IMD has warned.A Russian woman who stayed in a Ganesh pandal for 17 days after being found in a dishevelled state on a road in Mumbai has left for her hometown. Prashant Maurya, the pandal's director, said, "She became really friendly with those at the pandal who would wish her 'good morning', 'good evening'." She was gifted a shawl on her farewell. Thirty-year-old Kerala nurse Nimishapriya, sentenced to death last week in Yemen for murdering Yemeni man Talal Abdo Mahdi who posed as her husband, said he physically tortured her. Nimishapriya said she sedated him in July 2017 to retrieve her passport and she didn't mean to kill him. Talal's family asked for ₹70 lakh as blood money to pardon her.Andhra Pradesh CM YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has announced that house sites worth ₹22,000 crore will be registered in the name of 30 lakh women belonging to weaker sections. Reddy directed officials to complete the process related to layouts, markings and lottery to select beneficiaries. He asked to focus on layouts which are not done properly and plant saplings there.At least six people died and several were left injured after two Uttar Pradesh Roadways buses collided on the Lucknow-Hardoi road on Wednesday. CM Yogi Adityanath expressed grief over the incident and ordered proper treatment of the injured. The UP Roadways has ordered a three-member committee to conduct an inquiry into the accident and submit a report within 24 hours.A woman slapped and kicked a watchman and thrashed him with her footwear following an argument in Hyderabad on Monday. According to reports, the watchman had told the woman that he did not know if her mother was home. Meanwhile, the police stated that they have received a complaint from the watchman and will file a case following court permission.The attorney of Jacob Blake, who was shot by police in Wisconsin, US, said he's undergoing surgery and "it's going to take a miracle for him to ever walk again." His father earlier said that Jacob, who was shot in the back, has "eight holes in his body". "My son...is a human being and he matters," Jacob's father had stated.The share of ₹500 notes in the total value of the currency in circulation has risen sharply in year from 51% to 60.8% at the end of March 2020. Now, ₹2,000 notes constitute only 22.6% of the total value, as against 31.2% at the end of 2018-19. The RBI did not print even a single ₹2,000 note in 2019-20.Japan is facing a shortage of 16-digit credit card numbers amid a surge in online shopping during COVID-19 and a government campaign to promote cashless payments. The first six digits indicate the country, brand and other details, while the last 10 are determined by the issuer. Credit card companies have warned of a shortage of combinations from the seventh-digit onwards.Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said that GST Council will consider lowering the tax rate on two-wheelers as they are neither luxury nor sin goods. Responding to a question about the need for lowering GST on two-wheelers at an industry interaction, Sitharaman said it was "indeed a good suggestion". GST rate on two-wheelers currently stands at 28%.Fashion designer Masaba Gupta said that she always wanted to act but knew that only a certain kind of face sells. "A certain kind of an actor gets a certain role...a certain kind lands a bigger role," she added. "I never said openly that I want to act. I was busy with fashion...that's my first baby always," Masaba further said.Telangana Health Minister Eatala Rajender on Wednesday tweeted that the state reported 3,018 new COVID-19 cases as on Tuesday 8 pm, taking the tally so far to 1,11,688. The areas under Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) reported 475 COVID-19 cases on Tuesday, followed by Rangareddy at 247. Rajender added that Telangana has 25,685 active COVID-19 cases.Online merchandise and phone-cover retailer Bewakoof has raised ₹8 crore in a bridge funding round. The company has raised ₹5 crore from Aarti Corporate Services whereas the balance has been funded by Pranak Consultants along with Pratithi Investment Trust and IndigoEdge Management. The Mumbai-based direct-to-consumer platform was launched in 2012 by Prabhkiran Singh and Siddharth Munot. After months of quarantine, Adda52 introduced Malaika Arora who hosted an online poker party for her friends on the platform. Adda52 said that, following her lead, many people signed up for free and claimed ₹500 bonus. "The excitement of playing with real players and the thrill of winning real money are the best facets of playing at Adda52", Malaika added.Times Now has accessed WhatsApp messages sent from Rhea Chakraborty's phone to an alleged drug dealer wherein she said, "[Tried] MDMA once...You have MD?" Another chat dated November 25, 2019 shows a person telling Rhea, "Use 4 drops in tea...and let him sip it...Give it 30-40 minutes to kick in." Rhea's lawyer responded by saying that she never consumed drugs.A woman who put her message in a bottle in the water 35 years ago was reunited with it after a kayaker discovered it floating in a river in Delaware, US. A curator helped the two get in touch. "It didn't travel very far, but perhaps it travelled the world and came back," Cathi Riddle, the author, said.Kerala Minister Kadakampally Surendran on Tuesday said COVID-19 situation in Thiruvananthapuram might escalate in the next three weeks. "Currently, 95% of cases are infections through local transmission and the district will now be divided into five zones for better coordination," the Minister said. "Each ward will form groups to manage the situation and prevent COVID-19 spread," he added.ICMR Director-General Balram Bhargava has said there is no need to be "alarmed immensely" over the reinfection case of COVID-19 reported in Hong Kong. Stating that this case is a "stray example", Bhargava said, "It can depend on several factors, one can be related to the patient itself, how is his immunity, how was his immune status, was it compromised."The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has reprimanded ex-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq for praising MS Dhoni in a video posted on his YouTube channel. The PCB has reportedly told Saqlain to not post videos on YouTube saying that he's still a board employee. Saqlain had said BCCI didn't treat Dhoni the right way, adding he should have retired while playing for India.Six-time Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi has told Barcelona he wants to leave the club. The club confirmed to The Associated Press on Tuesday that the Argentina forward sent a document expressing his desire to leave. The announcement comes 11 days after Barcelona's 2-8 loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals.The National Investigation Agency, in its chargesheet in the February 2019 Pulwama terror attack case, said one of the accused ordered 4 kg of aluminium powder on Amazon to help his accomplices make explosives used in the attack. RDX was brought by the Pakistani terrorists who infiltrated into India. NIA charged 19 people, including 7 Pakistani nationals, over the attack.A 32-year-old woman who was bound in iron chains, tortured and held captive by her husband for several months in Delhi's Trilokpuri was rescued on Tuesday by Delhi Commission for Women (DCW). The woman was made to lie in her own excreta. She was tortured and beaten so brutally that it took a toll on her mental health, DCW said.The Special Cell of Delhi Police on Tuesday arrested JNU PhD scholar Sharjeel Imam in connection with northeast Delhi riots in February, under the stringent Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). He was brought back to Delhi from Assam on Sunday on a production warrant. In the chargesheet filed by Delhi Police in April, Imam was charged with sedition.Pakistani Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorists who carried out the February 2019 Pulwama attack had wanted the strike to trigger a war between India and Pakistan, an NIA officer has said. The terrorists believed that a war would throw the anti-infiltration grid of Indian forces out of gear and make it easy to push more terrorists into India. The Central Industrial Security Force on Tuesday took over the security of the world's tallest statue, the 'Statue of Unity', in Gujarat's Kevadia. The CISF took over the security with an initial strength of 272 personnel against the total sanctioned strength of 352 personnel. With a height of 182 metres, the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel is the world's tallest.
One constable died and three others were injured on Monday after a roof portion of a "dilapidated" barrack at the Reserve Police Lines in Kanpur collapsed. The injured were taken to hospital and were stable. IPS officer Amitabh Thakur said the building was unsafe but despite complaints, no one responded and he also demanded ₹1 crore for the deceased's family.ICICI Bank has become India's first lender to use satellite images of farmland to assess the creditworthiness of farmers. ICICI is using pictures taken from space to analyse over 40 parameters related to land, irrigation and crop patterns. It said the move cuts travel costs and reduces the time taken to grant loans from 15 days to a "few" days.The RBI disposed of 17.68 crore pieces of 'soiled' ₹2,000 notes in 2019-20 compared to just 6 lakh notes the previous year. While no new ₹2,000 notes were printed, over half of 2,239 crore currency notes printed in 2019-20 were of ₹500 denomination. The share of ₹500 notes in the total value of currency in circulation reached a record 60.8%.Actor Sonu Sood on Tuesday requested the government to postpone the NEET and JEE exams amid COVID-19 pandemic. "In the given COVID-19 situation, we should care utmost and not risk the lives of students," he tweeted. In another tweet, Sonu wrote, "The children who appear for the examinations come from remote areas...examinations should be postponed for some time."India on Tuesday handed over medical aid containing 70 boxes of PPE kits to Lebanon to help the country fight the coronavirus pandemic. This is the second tranche of assistance given by India to Lebanon in the aftermath of explosions in its capital Beirut on August 4. Earlier, India delivered 58 MT of medical, food and relief supplies to Lebanon. Authorities in Gaza imposed a lockdown on Tuesday after detecting the first four locally transmitted cases of coronavirus in the territory. A government spokesman said that the four coronavirus cases were confirmed in a single family in a refugee camp. Gaza's Health Ministry said that there have been 110 cases of the coronavirus inside border quarantine facilities so far.England won the three-Test series 1-0 against Pakistan after the third Test in Southampton ended in a draw. It's England's first Test series win against Pakistan at home since their 3-1 win in 2010. The match saw James Anderson becoming the first fast bowler in history to take 600 Test wickets and Zak Crawley slamming his maiden double ton. Gurugram-based healthcare education startup Virohan has raised around ₹20.7 crore ($2.8 million) across its seed and Series A rounds. The seed round was led by Keiretsu Forum and Series A round saw participation from elea Foundation, the Singh Family Trusts and National Skill Development Corporation. The edtech startup trains students in healthcare-based technician and administrative roles.Electric vehicles and mobility tech startup EVage has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Ola Electric Co-Founder and Senior Advisor Anand Shah. BryAir Director Varun Pahwa and DMI Group partner Anmol Nayyar also participated in the funding. EVage is set to launch their first electric delivery van, which the startup claims is a completely 'Made in India' structure.BJP leader and Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said he is not keen on contesting the state Assembly polls in 2021. "My role will be limited to contribute whatever I can for my party and [state]," he added. "Few people feel...I am after some post...my only ambition is to see a BJP government with 100+ seats," Sarma further said.During a meeting with the representatives of weekly market associations, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said that the weekly markets in Delhi will be developed as tourist destinations the way they are done in London and Hong Kong. "AAP government will develop a system for setting up weekly markets so that tourists from countries like the US visit them," Kejriwal added.Attacks across Afghanistan, including a suicide blast carried out by the Taliban, on Tuesday killed at least 17 people and injured nearly 50 others, officials said. "Most of the injured civilians are women and children," an official said. The suicide attack by the Taliban targeted a commando base for Afghan forces in the country's north, the official added.The RBI has commissioned a banknote survey to assess the demand for cash as well as denomination preferences so it can print notes that people prefer. The survey was launched in October last year, but was postponed due to the lockdown. It will also measure the awareness around various banknote security features and the level of satisfaction with current currency. Adani Group is reportedly in talks to buy out GVK Group and minority partners in Mumbai Airport. GVK holds a 50.5% stake, Airports Company South Africa and Bidvest Group hold 10% and 13.5% each and the balance is held by Airports Authority of India. The deal will make Adani Group the largest private airport operator in India, according to reports.The National Testing Agency (NTA) has issued guidelines for students appearing for JEE (Main) and NEET exams. The students are asked to wear face masks and hand gloves, and bring their own water bottles and hand sanitiser to the exam centre. Candidates would be provided a fresh three-ply face mask at the centre and asked to discard the old one.Amid demands for postponing JEE (Main) and NEET (UG) examinations, Union Minister for Education Ramesh Pokhriyal on Tuesday said the Supreme Court order which dismissed a petition challenging the conduct of these exams in September must be respected. He said that the Supreme Court had said the academic future of students cannot be put under jeopardy for a long time.Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma took to Instagram to share a video of himself working out with his wife Ritika and captioned it, "Stronger Together". Reacting to the video, Royal Challengers Bangalore leg-spinner Yuzvendra Chahal wrote, "Bhabhi open karne wale hai kya bhaiya aapke saath IPL mai (Is bhabhi going to open with you in the IPL, bhaiya)?"Talking about Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni's captaincy, former fast bowler Ajit Agarkar said, "The major difference I see is that Dhoni used to depend a lot on the spin bowlers to make his strategies." He added, "Kohli, in a slight deviation, has shown more faith in fast bowlers which has made a lot of difference to results overseas."Sachin Tendulkar has provided financial help to Ashraf Chaudhary, the man who has fixed bats for cricketers like him and Virat Kohli. Ashraf was admitted to Mumbai hospital for past few weeks due to kidney stone and other ailments. "A major chunk of the finances has been donated by the legendary batsman," Ashraf's close friend Prashant Jethmalani said.Eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt has tested positive for coronavirus, Jamaica's Minister of Health Christopher Tufton confirmed. "It triggers an approach to questioning, interrogation if you will, which we follow through with contact tracing," Tufton added. Bolt had recently organised a party on the occasion of his 34th birthday.Former Commonwealth Games champion Parupalli Kashyap on Tuesday questioned his omission from the ongoing national badminton camp in Hyderabad, saying that restricting it to just eight Olympic hopefuls is "illogical". The 33-year-old insisted he too has an outside chance of qualifying for the Tokyo Games but he has no way to pursue it as he can’t train at the camp.BCCI secretary Jay Shah informed the officials of BCCI’s state units through a written letter on Tuesday that the board can’t invite them "at least in the beginning" of IPL 2020 because of the strict bio-bubble in place in UAE. Shah also thanked the members for pulling through in these tough times.Uttarakhand BJP has revoked MLA Kunwar Pranav Singh Champion's suspension, 13 months after the action was taken against him when a video showing him dancing with guns in his hands surfaced online. The decision was taken by the party's core committee based on his "good conduct" and his repeated apologies to the party leadership, Uttarakhand BJP chief Bansidhar Bhagat said.Five persons have been booked on various charges including culpable homicide not amounting to murder over deaths of at least 11 persons due to the collapse of a five-storey building in Raigad district of Maharashtra. According to FIR, the builder along with the architect and RCC consultant, was responsible for constructing the building using inferior material and without proper attention.Jacob Blake, a black man who was shot by the police in US' Wisconsin state, has "eight holes" in his body and is paralysed from the waist down, his father said. Earlier, a video appeared to show officers shoot at Blake as he leaned into a vehicle in Kenosha city. The shooting sparked protests in the city over two nights.Actor Sanjay Kapoor, while sharing his experience of shooting web series 'The Gone Game' at home amid the coronavirus pandemic, said that it was a challenging experience. "Here, I've not met any of my co-actors...We only met over Zoom calls," he added. "We had to do everything on our own - from placing...camera to brightening the lights," Sanjay further said.Abhishek Bachchan, who tested negative for coronavirus earlier this month, has said he's planning to get back to work. "I still have to complete 'The Big Bull' and 'Bob Biswas'. We plan to do so as soon as possible and permissible," he added. On being asked what he'd say to people who are suffering from coronavirus, Abhishek said, "Keep...positive mindset."Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday summoned two Mumbai Police officers in connection with the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput. CBI has summoned Bhushan Belnekar, the investigating officer in the case, and sub-inspector Vaibhav Jagtap. As per NDTV, the two officers have been asked to bring some documents linked to the case. Actor Rithvik Dhanjani, while reacting to reports that he tested positive for coronavirus and hid his results, said, "I didn't pay attention to...news but soon people started calling me about it." "I wasn't positive and why would I hide it? In fact, I've got tested three times...on my own, just out of paranoia," he added. "So...fake news...surprised me," Rithvik said. A Swiss team claims to have made the world's first jump from a solar-powered plane that soared nearly 5,000 feet high over western Switzerland. Parachutist Raphael Domjan reached a speed of 150 kilometres per hour during his jump. The team aims to reach the stratosphere with an altitude of 20,000 metres in a flight powered exclusively by solar energy.